A3 Apply detailed knowledge of current legal framework and its place in the Development process.	A3 应用有关当前法律框架及其在发展进程中的地位的详细知识。	1
A amber or so pay as you go phone uk to overages the teen for the streaky, accomplished for the wholesale and numbers and sex for the leisureless and intact.	一个琥珀色的付款，当你打电话给英国时，你会为那片条纹的少年过度使用，为批发和数字以及为无休即无的和完整的孩子而完成。	2
A Atramentous remembers how he had problems with interpreting and fears a discussion superfluity.	一个极端的人记得他在解释时遇到了什么问题，担心讨论是多余的。	2
A background check like this should take six months.	这样的背景检查需要六个月时间。	0
A bad haircut ranks high on the list of things that most people want to avoid.	在大多数人希望避免的事情中，一个坏的理发排在了前列。	1
A basically goodhearted but lost suburban mom like Nancy will do what she has to do in order to survive, not what society dictates she should do.	像南希这样的一位心不在焉的郊区妈妈会做她为了生存而必须做的事，而不是社会要求她应该做的事。	2
A basic level of knowledge of this business model is needed to determine and understand the operator requirements.	确定和理解操作员要求需要对该业务模型有基本的了解。	0
A basic view of the main reason I'm recommending this script is shown in the following screenshot - .	下面的屏幕截图显示了我推荐此脚本的主要原因的基本视图 - 。	1
Abbreviations and acronyms are also common in EHR data.	缩写和缩写词在 EHR 数据中也很常见。	1
Abby looked around the room curiously, gazing at the picture that Glyph took when they were here the first time during the end of the Reaper War.	艾比好奇地看着房间，凝视着格林普在锥形战争结束时第一次来到这里时拍摄的照片。	1
A better life for hogs by Holly Dressel - factory farming Subscribe Support Us Renew Give a Gift Back Issues Skip to content.	Holly Dressel 的《更好的狗生活》 - 工厂农业订阅支持我们续订赠送礼品问题跳至内容。	2
A better solution would be to clone him but I have a strong suspicion that the national security office has him on the cloning ban list, probably homeland security as well.	一个更好的解决办法是克隆他，但我强烈怀疑国家安全办公室将他列入克隆禁令名单，可能还有国土安全。	2
A big crowd showed up for the unveiling causing us to run out of both parking and room for everyone in the building.	一大群人前来参加揭幕仪式，导致我们的停车场和建筑物中每个人的空间都用完了。	1
A big part of the problem with social benefit programs is making sure that everyone who is eligible, receives them.	社会福利方案的一个主要问题是确保所有符合条件的人都能得到这些福利。	0
Ability analysis of gender relevance and sex differences in cardiovascular response to behavioral challenge.	对心血管疾病对行为挑战的反应中的性别相关性和性别差异进行能力分析。	0
Ability to use the knowledge gained in class to predict the response of plants under different environments from those in which a plant is normally found.	能够利用课堂上获得的知识预测不同环境下的植物与通常发现植物的环境下的反应。	1
A biopsy is taken from the exercising muscle using a 5 mm diameter biopsy needle sixty minutes after termination of the exercise routine.	在运动常规程序终止后六十分钟，使用直径为 5 mm 的活检穿刺针从运动肌肉中采集活检。	0
A bit map image sent to the DMD consisting of a vertical strip of all elements in one or several columns 'on' corresponds to a virtual exit slit in the spectroradiometer.	发送到 DMD 的位图图像由一列或多列“开”中所有元素的垂直条图组成，与频谱仪中的虚拟出口狭缝相对应。	1
A bit more accurate in that they actually just let the pilot tell the story.	更准确的一点是，他们实际上只是让飞行员讲述故事。	0
A blemished lamb of God would not do.	一只被玷污的上帝的羔羊不会这样做。	2
A blond haired woman staggered out of the truck, her stomach split open by a piece of shrapnel by the looks of it, and collapsed to the ground face first.	一位金发的女人从卡车上掉了下来，她的胃被一条弹片打开，从卡车上看，首先倒到地面上。	2
Abnormal dampness and temperature may well consequence in your golf clubs created of wood or metal to increase and agreement.	异常潮湿和温度很可能会导致由木材或金属制成的高尔夫球杆增加并达成一致。	1
A Board Certified Criminal Trial Attorney in Florida.	佛罗里达州的一名委员会认证刑事审判律师。	1
A boot, almost comically like that scene in the Wizard of Oz.	一个引导，几乎与 Oz 向导中的场景相似。	1
About 120 children are educated in two public schools, one of which is principally supported by the rector.	大约 120 名儿童在两所公立学校接受教育，其中一所主要由校长支助。	0
About 3mm of the glass either side is uncovered at the protectors narrowest point (it bows in to deal with the curve on the screen).	在保护膜最窄的点上，两侧大约有 3 毫米的玻璃被覆盖（它会弯入来处理屏幕上的曲线）。	2
About a month ago, Emmett finally got the courage to ask Rose on a date.	大约一个月前， Emmett 终于有勇气在约会时询问 Rose 。	1
About a month later, three dark figures entered the bedroom and began trying to force me out of the bed.	大约一个月后，三名黑暗的人物进入卧室，开始试图迫使我离开床上。	2
About an hour after the occupation began the NOPD arrived.	在占领开始后约一小时，北非人民发展组织抵达。	1
About a week after he moved in, he was watering the front yard when he spotted a man he had never met before jogging up the sidewalk.	在他搬进去约一周后，他在向前院浇水，当时他发现了一个他在慢跑过人行道之前从未见过的人。	1
About half of all states do not include benefits for methadone treatment in their Medicaid program.	所有国家中约有一半没有将美沙酮治疗的福利纳入其医疗援助方案。	2
About half of them were gifts from teachers, wishing her well in her next year and asking her to please visit and keep them up to date on her progress.	其中大约一半是教师的礼物，希望她明年能好好地工作，并请她去拜访并随时了解她的进展情况。	2
About Idas House My Grandparents owned a haberdashery shop in Redditch and my early memories are of oak drawers filled with socks, mens suitings, replacement suspenders and much much more.	关于 Idas House 我的祖父母在 Redditch 拥有一家理发店，我的早期记忆是充满袜子，男士西衣，替换吊衣等的橡木抽屉。	1
About me Photos File archive Blog Chat Counter Friends Tags Polls Who is active on the site?	关于我照片文件存档博客聊天计数器朋友标签民意测验哪些人在网站上活跃？	2
About Old Street Broadgate is a large, 32-acre office and retail estate in the City of London, owned by British Land and the Blackstone Group and managed by Broadgate Estates.	布罗德盖特老街是伦敦一个占地 32 英亩的大型办公室和零售庄园，由英国土地和黑石集团所有，由布罗德盖特庄园管理。	0
About the only interested part of him was leaking precum and right at my lips.	他的唯一感兴趣的部分是在我的嘴唇处漏了前言。	2
About this time a ferry boat was built at the ford.	大约这一次，一艘渡船在福特建造。	2
About to be brought back down to reality though.	但是，我们将回到现实中去。	2
A bow kept taut is useless in the day of battle.	在战斗的日子里，一个保持着的弓是无用的。	2
A boy should never try connect them up.	男孩不应该尝试连接他们。	0
A broadening of science industry relation is certainly needed, but in many areas the preconditions for this to happen in an effective manner are not fully developed.	当然需要扩大科学工业的关系，但在许多领域，要有效地实现这一目标的先决条件还没有得到充分发展。	0
Absently his fingers reached up to run along the freshly scarring skin of his shoulder.	他的手指在肩膀上的新的围巾上跑上跑。	2
AB: Those people did not have the same clout as these two presidential candidates who persisted even after the elections.	阿布：这些人没有像这两位总统候选人那样的影响力，他们甚至在选举后仍然坚持。	1
A Btu is the quantity of heat required to raise the temperature of one pound of water one degree Fahrenheit at a specified temperature.	Btu 是指在指定温度下将一磅水的温度提高一华氏度所需的热量。	0
A bunch of stuff has been going on this summer and my grandfather died.	今年夏天，我的祖父去世了，很多东西都在发生。	1
A car (AKH-865), coming from tribal Darra Adam Khel via Lakki Marwat district, was stopped at the toll plaza for checking by a police team.	A car (AKH-865) coming from tribal Darra Adam Khel via Lakki Marwat district, was stopped at the Toll plaza for checking by a police team.	2
A careful selection takes place after all applications have been received.	在收到所有申请后，会进行仔细的选择。	0
A catchy name and a simple but effective business plan can do the trick.	一个醒目的名字和一个简单但有效的业务计划可以发挥作用。	1
Acceptance is also dependent upon the availability of staff to meet the needs of the applicant.	是否接受还取决于是否有工作人员满足申请人的需要。	0
Accept the possibility that he might develop an interest in other religions instead of Judaism?	接受他可能对其他宗教而不是犹太教产生兴趣的可能性？	0
Access a network of hundreds of quality used buell motorcycle for sale dealers.	访问由数百种优质二手 Buell 摩托车组成的网络，供销售商使用。	1
Access panels and openings are provided to facilitate the installation of hydraulic hoses or wiring.	提供检修面板和开口，以方便安装液压软管或接线。	0
Accommodation Clever use of the land has seen the construction of 72 units, some with commanding views over the adjacent Faulkner Park and its picturesque park setting.	巧妙地利用土地建造了 72 个单元，其中一些可以俯瞰邻近的 Faulkner 公园及其风景如画的公园环境。	1
ACCOMMODATION Hotels Most of the towns have country style hotels.	住宿酒店大多数城镇都有乡村风格的酒店。	0
Accommodations Attractions Festivals and Events Dining What qualifies as a tourism product?	住宿景点节日和活动餐饮哪些是旅游产品？	1
Accompanied by the lively beats of traditional Goan music.	伴随着传统的 Goan 音乐的生动节奏。	1
Accordingly, it becomes possible to reduce the processing delay and improve communication system throughput.	因此，可以减少处理延迟并提高通信系统吞吐量。	0
Accordingly, we generally prefer to meet within hours of your call which can be at your home, at work or in the hospital.	因此，我们通常更喜欢在您的呼叫后数小时内会面，可以在您的家中，工作场所或医院进行。	1
According to our own definition of education therefore we may be the most educated people of the world.	因此，根据我们自己对教育的定义，我们可能是世界上受教育程度最高的人。	0
According to people present at the hearing, committee members questioned why the ordinance contained so many exemptions, and did not bind the government in the performance of its powers and functions.	据出席聆讯的人士表示，委员会委员质疑为何该条例包含如此多的豁免，而对政府的权力和职能不具约束力。	0
According to the authors, many of these men and their families have thanked them in quite emotional terms for finally telling their stories.	据提交人说，其中许多人及其家人以相当激动人心的语言感谢他们最后讲述了自己的故事。	2
According to the CNDH president, if the CNDH had been given legal standing to challenge the constitutionality of laws prior to 2006, it would have challenged the constitutionality of this law.	According to the CNDH President, if the CNDH had been given legal standing to challenge the constitutionality of laws prior to 2006, it would have challenged the constitutionality of this law.	2
According to the report, parental neglect can be a causative factor in ongoing obesity and related medical problems including sleep apnoea.	根据该报告，父母忽视可能是导致持续肥胖和包括睡眠呼吸暂停在内的相关医疗问题的一个原因。	1
According to the study of The Department of Food Science and Technology at Seoul National University, revealed that cocoa trumps favorites such as black tea, green tea and also red wine embody antioxidants.	首尔大学食品科学技术部的研究表明，可可比黑茶，绿茶和红葡萄酒等最受欢迎的产品更具抗氧化剂。	1
According to Verdict in 2006, ' Tesco' s market share gains over the past five years have amounted to more than six times those of the rest of the Top Four put together' .	根据 2006 年的判决，“ Tesco ”在过去五年中的市场份额增长是其余四大市场份额的六倍以上”。	0
According to which people forgetting their primordial condition sit in chains in the bottom of a cave which is lit by light coming from the real world.	根据这种说法，人们忘记了自己的原始状态，就坐在洞穴底部的链条上，洞里的灯光照亮了来自现实世界的光。	2
Accountability: We acknowledge and are answerable for the outcome of our actions and activities.	问责制：我们承认并对我们的行动和活动的结果负责。	0
ACCT 6053 Financial Statement Analysis This course will provide an analytical framework for the valuation of corporations and corporate fi nancial statements and a basis for making credit and investment decisions.	Acct 6053 财务报表分析本课程将为公司估值和公司财务报表提供分析框架，并为信贷和投资决策提供基础。	0
Accused had the motive to remove the deceased from his way.	被告有将死者从他的路上驱逐的动机。	1
A central aim of Republicans at the time was to limit future growth of government.	当时共和党的一个中心目标是限制政府未来的增长。	1
A cesarean delivery is usually recommended for a woman with genital herpes to reduce the risk of the disease being passed on to the baby.	通常建议对患有生殖器疱疹的妇女进行剖腹产，以降低该疾病传染给婴儿的风险。	0
Acetate cloth adhesive tape with superior heat resistance and flexibility.	醋酸盐布胶带具有出色的耐热性和灵活性。	0
A change in version implies substantive changes in of content rather than differences in format.	版本的更改意味着内容的实质性更改，而不是格式的差异。	0
A chap in Probe Records of Liverpool, said he had heard that they are CD's played into a record cutting machine.	利物浦探头记录中的一个小伙子说，他听说他们是 CD 在创纪录的切割机中演奏的。	2
Acheas Fray is the man who kidnapped her.	Acheas Fray 是绑架她的人。	0
Achieving this public trust is essential to the ongoing success of the industry.	实现这种公众信任对于该行业的持续成功至关重要。	0
Acid for Blood Videogaming blog focusing on personal gaming experiences and critical perspectives on games culture.	ACID for Blood 视频游戏博客重点关注个人游戏体验和游戏文化的关键观点。	1
A City of Ottawa planner will also be in attendance.	渥太华城市规划员也将出席。	0
Acknowledgements and Disclaimer This report is based upon work partially supported by the National Science Foundation under Grant No. DUE-0127580.	鸣谢和免责声明本报告的基础是国家科学基金会根据第 due － 0127580 号赠款部分支持的工作。	2
A clear sign of presbyopia is when you need to hold the newspaper or other content further away than normal to make out the content.	如果您需要将报纸或其他内容置于比正常更远的位置来制作内容，则表明存在着预先光明眼的迹象。	2
A coding convention is a set of rules for writing code, used within the boundaries of a particular organization or a project.	编码约定是在特定组织或项目的边界内使用的一组编写代码的规则。	0
A collection of videos being broadcasted from The Planet of Mars.	从火星星球上播放的一系列视频。	1
A combination regarding online video phoning as well as meeting is furthermore a quite tempting attribute regarding socializing on the net.	此外，在线视频电话和会议的结合也是网上社交的一个相当诱人的属性。	1
A Comment without a relevant photo submitted will be removed immediately.	没有提交相关照片的评论将立即删除。	0
A competent and experienced business lawyer can help with getting that certification.	有能力且经验丰富的商务律师可以帮助获得该认证。	0
A complete list of telephone numbers can be found in the useful telephone numbers section of your local phone book.	电话号码的完整列表可在本地电话簿的“有用的电话号码”部分找到。	0
A comprehensive help system and online natural bridge :: estate documentation is included for all packages.	一个全面的帮助系统和在线自然桥 :: 所有套餐都包含遗产文件。	2
A comprehensive Perimeter Guard can be a key factor in your personnel safeguarding means.	全面的外围防护可以成为您的人员安全保障手段的关键因素。	0
A comprehensive rhythmic notation method for instrumental, choral and keyboard students using the unique Rhythmic Alphabet System.	一种综合的心律记法，适用于使用独特的心律字母系统的乐器，合唱和键盘学生。	2
A Computer Program for Projecting Family Planning Requirements.	用于预测计划生育要求的计算机程序。	1
A convenient and inexpensive method of obtaining green foods for your hamster is to pick up these discarded greens regularly from the grocer, who will probably be glad to give them to you.	为你的仓鼠获得绿色食物的一个方便和便宜的方法是定期从杂货店捡到这些废弃的绿色食物，而这些食物很可能会很乐意提供给你。	0
A couple of months after the tsunami, most of the relief camps have been closed.	海啸发生几个月后，大部分救济营地已经关闭。	0
A couple of single family residences are to the north along Orange Road.	沿橙色路向北行驶的家庭住宅中有几处。	2
A critical aspect of the marketing function is identifying gaps in the market so that new products can be developed to fill those gaps.	营销职能的一个关键方面是找出市场中的差距，以便开发新产品来填补这些差距。	0
Acrobat Connect Pro offers secure instant access with no software downloads.	Acrobat Connect Pro 提供安全的即时访问，无需下载软件。	0
Across from her were her parents, Ed will his arms folded over his chest and Maria looking positively alarmed.	在她的父母身边，艾德的双臂将折叠在他的胸部上，玛丽亚则感到非常震惊。	1
Across the length of the deeper waters of the site however, one can more easily hide from the currents.	然而，在该地点较深水域的整个长度上，人们更容易躲避水流。	1
Acrylic embedment awards are first poured in a liquid form, cooled, and then hand polished to a high gleam finish.	亚克力嵌入式产品奖首先以液体形式浇注，冷却，然后用手抛光，形成高格莱姆表面。	2
Acting and filmmaking honors all came to The Color Purple.	《色彩紫》是《表演与电影》的荣誉。	2
Acting before John in their last moment together had already killed him in every way that mattered.	在约翰的最后时刻，他们一起行动，已经以一切重要的方式杀死了他。	2
Action: Staff will send a notice and a map for the meeting.	行动：员工将为会议发送通知和地图。	1
Activities will be social walks somewhere a little scenic.	活动将是在风景优美的地方进行社交漫步。	1
Activity from skin mechanoreceptors recorded percutaneously in awake human subjects.	皮肤机械受体的活性在清醒的人身上经皮记录。	2
Actual is surprisingly light and tasty drink that combines healthy dairy products and rich taste of juicy fruits .	真正的是令人惊讶的清淡可口的饮料，结合了健康的乳制品和丰富的多汁水果口味。	0
Actually, all the authority that is not explicitly given to the confederacy in the constitution is held by the lower levels.	实际上，宪法中没有明确赋予联邦权力的所有权力都由下级政府掌握。	0
Actually, anything that puts an end to denial is a good alternative.	事实上，任何结束否认的事情都是一个好的选择。	1
Actually for such a greedy business I'm sorry that they receive any at all.	实际上，对于这样一个贪婪的企业，我很抱歉他们收到了任何东西。	1
Actually he got tired of persuading his brother to ride on a…. so they can get to Italy faster but Giotto only gave him a glare that almost scared him.	事实上，他已经厌倦了说服他的兄弟骑… …所以他们可以更快地到达意大利，但乔托只给了他一个眩光，几乎吓到了他。	2
Actually, I am not really a bird watcher, but it is amazing how many of the hunters have picked up on stuff like that.	事实上，我不是一个鸟类观察者，但令人惊讶的是，有多少猎人在这类东西上有所发现。	1
Actually, I can relate to much of what you wrote because I had the same experience of symptoms that would come and go while exams &amp; tests found nothing wrong.	事实上，我可以和你写的很多东西联系起来，因为我有着同样的症状经历，在考试和测验没有发现任何问题的时候，这些症状会随时间而变化。	2
Actually, the basic notion of developmental theories is that this setting increases students' grasp of critical concepts in general.	其实，发展理论的基本概念是，这种环境提高了学生对一般关键概念的认识。	1
Actual pants are exactly the same design as the navy colour.	真正的裤子设计与海军的颜色完全相同。	1
A current study has in addition unveiled a fact that apples will stop the chance of dangerous heart associated illnesses as well as several cancers such as lung cancer, breast cancer, colon cancers, and so forth.	目前的一项研究还揭示了这样一个事实：苹果可以阻止危险的心脏病以及肺癌，乳腺癌，结肠癌等多种癌症的发生。	1
A cute blonde gets her ass stretched with anal beads before doing double penetration.	一个可爱的金发让她的小球在进行双重穿透之前用肛珠拉伸。	2
A daily close below 1066 last reaction low opens for a test of 1050 that I see as key support for now and the gateway to much lower levels.	每天接近 1066 下一个反应下限的测试打开了 1050 的测试，我认为这是目前的主要支持，也是通向更低水平的大门。	2
A Dallas insurance company was supposed to pay Lance Armstrong five million bucks for winning his sixth Tour de France.	达拉斯的一家保险公司应该为 Lance Armstrong 赢得他的第六次法国之旅支付 500 万美元。	1
Adam chats with some fans at Churchill Downs before the Kentucky Derby.	在肯塔基赛马之前，亚当与丘吉尔唐斯的一些粉丝聊天。	1
Adam felt like a double outlaw and very alone.	亚当觉得自己是一个双重的违法行为，而且很孤单。	2
Adaptive conservation leadership is reflective and more equitable as it applies to any member of society who can mobilize others toward meaningful change using communication techniques that are inspiring, purposeful, and collegial.	适应性养护的领导作用是反映性的，更公平的，因为它适用于任何能够利用鼓舞人心，有目的和共同的沟通技巧动员他人实现有意义的变革的社会成员。	1
A dark castle stands deep in the forest and high above the ground like a huge shadow cast down on the small village.	一座黑暗的城堡矗立在森林深处，高地上，就像一个巨大的阴影笼罩在小村庄中。	0
A dark leather strap complements the blacked out case and dial.	黑色皮带与黑色外壳和刻度盘相得益彰。	0
Ada smiled mischeviously and put the gun back in her bag.	ADA 笑得不开心，把枪放回了她的袋子里。	1
Add a bit of fun to your day with a wild splash of colour or take a relaxed approach with the reserved tones of the other side.	在色彩缤纷的户外活动中加入一点乐趣，或在另一边使用保留的色调放松身心。	2
Add any decorative touches to your robot as you choose.	根据您的选择，为机器人添加任何装饰细节。	0
Add a salad and bread and you have a meal fight for a king!	加一份沙拉和面包，你可以为国王吃一顿饭！	2
Add edge and bottom flashing or filler strips to seal those openings; these are available from the manufacturer and conform to the specific corrugation.	添加边缘和底部闪光带或填料条以密封这些开口；制造商提供这些开口，并符合特定的相关规定。	1
Added missing punctuation reading for some common Unicode dash > characters, and introduced short pauses when reading forced line breaks.	增加了一些常见 Unicode 短划线 > 字符缺少的标点读数，并在读取强制换行符时引入了短暂停。	2
Adding an above ground swimming pool from our company will not just be a lot of fun for you and your family, but it will increase the value of your 21237 home.	从我们公司添加一个地面游泳池不仅对您和您的家人来说是一个乐趣，而且还会增加您 21237 家的价值。	1
Adding such products is an additional money maker for you.	添加此类产品是您的另一个赚钱工具。	2
Adding these units does not necessarily increase circuit and memory access activity, however, because not all the units have to be enabled every cycle.	但是，添加这些装置并不一定会增加电路和内存访问活动，因为并非所有装置都必须在每个循环中启用。	1
Additional charges for any associated Custom Calling Features will also apply.	任何关联的自定义呼叫功能也将收取额外费用。	0
Additional Comment should be selling at cheaper price !!!	其他评论应该是以更便宜的价格销售！！！	1
Additionally, a grant in the Youth program provides $2 million to the Education Development Center to develop a law and justice program of study and curriculum for use in California high schools.	此外，青年方案中的一笔赠款向教育发展中心提供 200 万美元，用于制定法律和司法方案，供加利福尼亚高中使用。	0
Additionally, homeowners who have already filed for bankruptcy or who have already surrendered their houses to their lenders are not eligible for the foreclosure help program.	此外，已经申请破产或已经向贷款人归还房屋的房主没有资格参加取消赎回援助计划。	0
Additionally, IDF ground forces used laser designators to guide Hellfire missiles fired by Apaches that remained hidden behind terrain features.	此外，以色列国防军地面部队还使用激光指示器来指导阿帕奇发射的仍然隐藏在地形特征后面的赫尔火导弹。	1
Additionally I have based my analysis on a random sample of other unpublished legal documents from the seventeenth century held in the National library of Archives, Cairo.	此外，我的分析是根据开罗国家档案图书馆所举行的 17 世纪其他未公布法律文件的随机抽样进行的。	1
Additionally it has been reported that the three people killed in the accident were not wearing seatbelts.	此外，据报道，在事故中丧生的三人没有佩戴安全带。	0
Additionally, it is also possible for members of a health care team to more easily communicate.	此外，医疗团队的成员也可以更轻松地进行沟通。	1
Additionally, some geothermal heating systems might be installed with desuperheaters, devices that benefit from the excess heat extracted from the home through the hotter periods of the year to generate domestic warm water.	此外，一些地热供暖系统可能安装了超温器，这种装置得益于从家中抽取的过多热量，直到一年中的较热时期，以产生家庭温水。	1
Additionally the institute offers consultancy services to organisations looking for business opportunities in this particular region.	此外，该研究所还为在该地区寻找商业机会的组织提供咨询服务。	0
Additionally, there are training sessions that are designed to educate improved college students near impossible hard work and techniques.	此外，还有一些培训课程，旨在教育那些在艰苦工作和技巧方面做得更好的大学生。	1
Additionally we would like to thank Racked Hosting, the sponsor of LUG Manipal for helping us out for covering any financial help that we need.	此外，我们还要感谢 Racked Hosting ，这是 Lug Manipal 的赞助商，他帮助我们提供了我们所需要的任何财务帮助。	0
Additionally you want them to forget about them completely just like you should forget about the ones you traded away.	此外，您希望他们完全忘记这些信息，就像您应该忘记那些您交易过的信息一样。	1
Additional public comment as to these minor changes is not necessary for the Court to find that the public interest would be served by entry of the amended proposed Final Judgment.	法院不必就这些微小的变化发表更多的公众评论，就可以认定，订正后的最后判决将有利于公共利益。	0
Additional telephone contact can be initiated at the request of the investigators or participant.	可以应调查员或参与者的请求发起其他电话联系。	0
Additions and modifications have been made to this chapter.	对本章进行了补充和修改。	0
ADD: mikuni shimokawa Another means of providing stimulation the glucose properly there will pressure against the g spot diets right but after a while you can do much.	补充： Mikuni shimokawa 是另一种刺激葡萄糖的方法，在那里将对 g Spot Diets 产生压力，但在一段时间后，你可以做很多事情。	2
Add Ngamdu Nigeria Oil Worker type hotels or rooms and apartments to rent.	添加 Ngamdu Nigeria Oil Worker 类型的酒店或客房和公寓出租。	0
Addressing transition issues in the changing financial arrangements.	解决不断变化的财务安排中的过渡问题。	0
Address root causes of environmental degradation rather than secondary issues.	解决环境退化的根本原因，而不是次要问题。	0
Add small amount of hot mixture to egg yolks.	将少量热混合物加入蛋黄中。	1
Add the pistachios and mix again; the dough will be stiff and sticky.	加入开心果并再次混合；面团将会僵硬和粘滞。	1
Add this to residue in pan and simmer until cooked through.	将其添加到托盘中的残留物中，然后再将其放入到煮熟为止。	1
Add to that totally overwhelmed by all the bells and whistles going off and a total loss of situational awareness.	此外，所有的钟声和口哨声都在敲响，对情景的认知也完全丧失。	2
Add to the mix your profusely sweating bodies and panting breaths and you can imagine how things will look on CCTV.	再加上您的汗水和呼吸都很好，您可以想象闭路电视上的情况会怎样。	2
Add water to the powdery substances to make a paste and then apply to the skin.	在粉末物质中加入水以制作糊状，然后涂抹到皮肤上。	0
A dear friend of mine who converted to the Russian Orthodox Church from Islam had shared the bit about the raisins with me.	我的一个亲爱的朋友从伊斯兰教改信俄罗斯东正教会，他和我分享了关于葡萄干的观点。	1
A deliberate attempt to mislead the AGM or the rank incompetence of people spouting off about something that they had not actually seen?	故意误导股东大会或对他们未实际看到的事情进行间谍活动的人的级别不称职？	1
A description of the kind of engines on a vessel.	船舶上发动机类型的描述。	1
A desirable evolutionary progression for a discipline of human movement.	人类运动学科的理想进化过程。	0
A digital certificate is installed by default on an Exchange 2007 server using the host name and FQDN of the internal domain.	默认情况下，使用内部域的主机名和 FQDN 在 Exchange 2007 服务器上安装数字证书。	0
A discussion with the student, a parental contact, a guidance referral, or the teacher assigning a detention are all appropriate in discouraging tardiness.	与学生，家长联系，指导推荐或指定拘留的教师进行讨论都是阻止迟到的适当方法。	2
A disorderly home can become just too much for any homemaker who means well but does not know where to begin.	对任何一个有能力但又不知道从哪里开始的家庭主妇来说，一个混乱的家庭可能会变得太多。	2
A display of costumes actually used on the series.	系列中实际使用的服装展示。	0
A divorce from the bonds of matrimony shall be decreed, irrespective of the fault of either party, on the ground of irreconcilable differences which have caused the irremediable breakdown of the marriage.	不论任何一方的过失如何，均应以不可调和的差异导致婚姻无法补救的破裂为理由，宣布与婚姻关系的离婚。	2
Adjusting it a little bit so it fit around my neck and face comfortably, I looked at the small mirror tacked on the wall, and smiled.	我看着墙上的小镜子，笑着说。	2
Admiration of French masters gradually led to his writing Impressionist, even decadent poems and his collection Poems (1881) brought accusations of obscenity and plagiarism as well as scathing reviews.	对法国大师的钦佩逐渐导致了他的写作印象派，甚至是腐朽的诗歌和他的系列诗歌 (1881 年 ) 带来了对淫秽和剽窃的指责以及对淫秽的评论。	2
Adopted Measures to Face Major Challenges in the Egyptian Water Sector 34 Health hazards and increased environmental concerns have called for an active policy in the field of water quality management.	为应对埃及水部门的重大挑战采取的措施 34 健康危害和日益增加的环境关切要求在水质管理领域采取积极的政策。	1
Adorned with a a lovely decorative cross for a unique gift and presented in a velvet bag.	装饰着一个可爱的装饰十字架，以一个独特的礼物，并以天鹅绒袋装着。	2
A dozen Student Papers are integrated throughout, providing helpful models of a variety of critical essays and the research paper.	十几篇学生论文被整合在一起，提供了各种重要论文和研究论文的有用模型。	0
A draft of a paper that will be submitted for publication.	将提交出版的一份文件草稿。	0
A drag race engine must be tuned to provide a high amount of power at any RPM to provide the necessary acceleration while pulling through so few gears.	必须调整阻力赛引擎，以在任何转速下提供高功率，从而在拉动如此少的档位时提供必要的加速。	0
Adrian got stuck with Aster, a shy rich boy who always wears grey.	阿德里安被困在阿斯特身上，他是一个害羞的富有的男孩，总是戴着灰色的衣服。	2
A drug defendant who faces a lengthy mandatory minimum prison term has little incentive to negotiate a guilty plea, even if acquittal seems unlikely.	一名毒品被告面临着长期的法定最低刑期，即使无罪开释似乎不太可能，也没有什么动机谈判认罪。	2
A drug test cup that does not have the integrity testing facility is less safe, because there is a high risk for people having contaminated the specimen with dilution and detoxification techniques.	没有完整性测试设施的药物测试杯不太安全，因为人们使用稀释和解毒技术污染样本的风险很高。	0
Ads already are on TV to try to spur ticket sales to people inside and outside of Lexington.	电视上已经有广告试图刺激莱克星敦内外的人的机票销售。	2
Adult web designers have poured their complete creativity to their design projects and have shown the world the real fun of exploring an adult...	成年网络设计师将他们的全部创造力注入他们的设计项目，并向世界展示探索成人的真正乐趣 ...	1
A Dundee holiday in vacation apartments turns your stay in Dundee into a genuine holiday experience.	Dundee 度假公寓将让您在 Dundee 的住宿体验变成真正的度假体验。	1
Advanced cases of malaria were examined at Okomfo Anokye Teaching Hospital in Kumasi.	在库马西的 Okomfo Anokye 教学医院对晚期疟疾病例进行了检查。	1
Advanced players are discouraged from enrolling in this course.	高级球员不愿意参加本课程。	0
Advanced targeting options, customizable ads, and detailed reporting enable advertisers to evaluate the benefits and performance of their CPC advertising efforts.	高级定向选项，可定制广告和详细报告使广告商能够评估其 CPC 广告活动的优势和表现。	2
Adventures without Limits This is a nonprofit organization that integrates individuals with and without disabilities into adventure based programs to empower people.	冒险无限这是一个非营利组织，它将残疾人和非残疾人融入基于冒险的计划，以增强人们的能力。	1
ADVERTISEMENT Answer these How many pounds of food does a Gorilla eat in one day?	广告回答说，一个 Gorilla 一天吃了多少磅的食物？	2
Advertisement By Francine King Standing in front of the Sydney Opera House.	弗朗西恩 · 金普（ Francine King Standing ）在悉尼歌剧院前的广告。	2
ADVERTISEMENT Related Questions How can I prove this using mathematical induction?	广告相关问题如何使用数学诱导证明这一点？	1
Advertising artwork can be submitted in any of the following methods.	广告作品可以通过以下任一方法提交。	0
Advertising campaigns in the mass media aim at the persons at risk as well as at their relatives and other persons important to them.	大众媒体的广告宣传活动针对的是处于危险中的人以及他们的亲属和对他们重要的其他人。	1
Advertising on television can give a product or service instant validity and prominence.	电视广告可以让产品或服务即时有效和突出。	0
Advocates for breast cancer patients said they were particularly concerned about the denial of coverage after lobbying the federal government for years to provide breast cancer screening to uninsured women.	针对乳腺癌患者的倡导者表示，他们特别关注的是，在多年来游说联邦政府为未投保妇女提供乳腺癌筛查之后，拒绝提供覆盖。	1
Aeferiel had not truly expected Nathaniel to inquire further concerning the Dalish hunter training; however, she found herself pleasantly surprised when he brought it up the following day while they and the rest of their companions were eating breakfast.	Aeferiel 并没有真正期待纳撒尼尔进一步询问 Dalish 猎人的训练；但是，当他第二天把训练带起来，而他们和其他同伴正在吃早餐时，她发现自己很惊喜。	2
A error will tantamount into a wrong prognosis which will have an effect on the patient straight or adversely.	错误等于错误预后，会对患者产生直接或负面影响。	1
A Face Shape Guide will help you choose the right frame, given the shape of the face, and tell you what forms are best avoided.	面形状指南将帮助您根据面的形状选择正确的框架，并告诉您最好避免哪种形式。	1
A facilitator is typically a parent, spouse or caregiver who handles and cares for the assistance dog, encourages and is responsible for the customized needs of the placement.	引导者通常是父母，配偶或照顾者，负责处理和照料援助犬，鼓励并负责安置的定制需求。	0
A family depending on only one such wage earner is in serious difficulty.	一个只依靠一个这种工资劳动者的家庭面临着严重的困难。	1
A family relationship does not equate to enhanced value or harmonious business dealings.	家庭关系并不等于提高价值或和谐的商业交易。	1
A family that grows vanilla in a small village in India and another family that cultivates nutmeg in an old village in the vicinity of Ambon, Indonesia.	一个在印度一个小村庄种植香草的家庭和另一个在印度尼西亚安汶附近的一个老村庄种植花生酱的家庭。	1
A far cry from what he was before he went to Juvenile Boot Camp.	A far cry from what he was before he went to Juvenile Boot Camp.	0
A Ferris wheel includes engineering because it needs manufacturing.	摩天轮包括工程设计，因为它需要制造。	1
A few announcements to make before I let you go.	在我让你走之前，我要做一些宣布。	1
A few benches are scattered about along with a cabinet or two to place clothing and objects not in use in.	几个长椅和一个或两个柜子一起分散放置不使用的衣服和物品。	2
A few days before, the Prime Minister has already called upon those who will sit in on the negotiations.	几天前，总理已经呼吁那些将参加谈判的人。	1
A few hours later, the gentleman showed up to our house and asked if we had found the Ipod.	几个小时后，这位先生来到我们的家，问我们是否找到了 iPod 。	0
A few minutes later, the rest of our group had dealt with the enormous statue.	几分钟后，我们小组的其他成员处理了这座巨大的雕像。	1
A few minutes later, the whole zoo had finished gathering in and out of the Zoovenier.	几分钟后，整个动物园都完成了在 Zoovenier 的进出。	2
A few moments later, Tommy heard the sound of a car starting up, and with a screech of tires, his wife was gone.	几分钟后，汤米听到一辆汽车起动的声音，一滴轮胎的尖叫声，他的妻子就离开了。	2
A few more steps left and we might no longer be a democratic society.	还有几个步骤，我们可能不再是一个民主社会。	2
A few officers and other personnel patted me on the back before rushing into the building.	几名军官和其他人员在我后面打了个打，然后冲进了大楼。	2
A few seconds later Carlisle reached our side again.	几秒钟后，卡莱尔又回到了我们身边。	1
A few tips from professionals about moving to Goa.	专业人士关于前往果阿的一些建议。	0
A few weeks later he called me and said the experts at his club identified it as a bonafide rarity.	几个星期后，他打电话给我，说他俱乐部的专家认为这是一个罕见的问题。	1
A first embodiment of the present invention will be described hereinafter with reference to the drawings.	下文将参考图纸描述当前发明的第一个体现。	2
A first time vendor for us, Modern Chair Rental hooked us up BIG time in providing two extra funky and fun chairs for us in the downstairs area.	现代椅子租赁公司是我们的首次供应商，它让我们在楼下为我们提供了两张格外时髦有趣的椅子，这让我们度过了一段美好的时光。	1
A forcefully way to such a beautiful relationship lol.	这是一种建立这样一种美好关系的有力方式，哈哈。	1
A formula with which the customer can eat and drink without any limitation.	客户可以不受任何限制地吃喝的配方。	2
A fourth daughter escaped injury by being in another part of the city.	第四个女儿因在城市的另一个地方受伤而逃脱。	1
A franchisee is looking for a brand they can buy into.	特许经营人正在寻找他们可以购买的品牌。	0
Africa Action rejects HIPC as a failed program and asserts that HIPC conditionality has deepened poverty and stripped African countries of their economic sovereignty.	非洲行动组织拒绝重债穷国方案，认为重债穷国的附加条件加深了贫穷，剥夺了非洲国家的经济主权。	1
A friend of mine told me that the late writer James Baldwin never went to college.	我的一个朋友告诉我，已故作家詹姆斯 · 鲍德温从未上过大学。	0
A friend who flys for VB passed this info my way a few days ago.	几天前，一个为 VB 而进行嘲弄的朋友通过了这条信息。	2
After 12 months you should have an idea if this place is for you or not.	12 个月后，你应该知道这个地方是否适合你。	2
After a few minutes of regular procedure, the patient was able to speak before he went into cardiac arrest.	经过几分钟的常规程序后，病人得以在心脏骤停前讲话。	1
After a few seconds had passed by, the hint of pain that was engulfing her lower was soon beginning to be replaced at full bloom pleasure.	经过几秒钟之后，她的下半部被吞没的疼痛的痕迹很快就开始在盛开的喜悦中被取代。	1
After a hectic day, every family would need a good night sleep and this is taken care of by this beautiful city.	在忙碌的一天之后，每一个家庭都需要一个好的睡眠，这个美丽的城市将照顾到这一点。	2
After a little while she had to pull over.	过了一小段时间，她不得不拉着。	1
After all, blowing things out of proportion is practically a civic duty in New York.	毕竟，不成比例地吹风实际上是纽约的一项公民义务。	1
After all she was unemployed with only two crumpled one dollar bills and some coins in her pocket.	毕竟她失业了，她的口袋里只有两张一美元的纸币和一些硬币。	0
After all, who could stop his or herself from committing a crime that he or she was predetermined to commit?	毕竟，谁能阻止他或她自己犯下他或她预定犯下的罪行？	1
After an abortive attempt to find parking in Berkeley we headed over to the City.	在试图在伯克利找到停车位的失败后，我们前往该市。	1
After another check of his hole cards he eventually made a reluctant fold.	在再次检查他的洞卡后，他最终做了一个不情愿的折页。	2
After an uneventful morning, he ate his lunch of tuna sandwich and orange juice and went back to work.	在一个不平凡的早晨之后，他吃了金枪鱼三明治和橙汁午餐，然后回去上班。	0
After a stunning ride through jutting mountains we hit Nong Khiaw, a beautiful town on the Nam Ou river.	经过令人惊叹的山间骑行后，我们来到了南乌河上美丽的小镇农河。	1
After a trip to the visitor center and some blatant historical trespass through a cornfield or two, I realized that this battle was much bigger than I realized.	经过一两次访问游客中心和一些公然的历史侵入，我意识到这场战斗比我意识到的要大得多。	2
After a viagra online toronto viagra online you the purchase online addition Horny Goat weed omega become increasingly simple.	在网上的一个流浪者多伦多流浪者网上购物后，你的网上购买增加了 Horny Goat weed omega 变得越来越简单。	2
After a while it was rather crowded on the streets.	过了一段时间，街上相当拥挤。	0
After a while the Palace burned down and was not rebuilt.	一段时间后，宫殿被烧毁，没有重建。	1
After Beck said something, he walked over to me and took my phone and headphones.	Beck 说了些什么之后，他走到我身边，拿走了我的手机和耳机。	0
After bidet toilet seats make it easier to do things more hygienic.	坐浴盆后的马桶座可以更方便地做更卫生的事情。	2
After Christmas is over, all which is left is the cold, wintery weather plus those remote memories of the warm Summer that feels...	圣诞节结束后，剩下的只是寒冷的冬季天气加上那些对温暖的夏天的遥远记忆。。。。	0
After cleaning the spark plug in this manner rinse it in water.	以这种方式清洁火花塞后，在水中冲洗火花塞。	0
After college he became a vital part of our Market Development Division.	大学毕业后，他成为我们市场发展部的重要组成部分。	0
After completing each section, the printer moves the paper forward to until the picture is printed.	完成每个部分后，打印机将纸张向前移动到，直至打印出照片。	1
After defeating his brother he returned to the Demon realm with his new family.	在击败他的兄弟后，他和他的新家人回到了恶魔的领域。	2
After discussing the matter of his faith with Prabhupada, Prabhupada gave him permission to take initiation from Madhava Maharaja.	Prabhupada 在与 Prabhupada 讨论了他的信仰问题后，允许他从马德哈瓦马哈拉哈亚开始。	2
After examing the mattress, she turned around, and she saw the closet in front of her as she walked towards it, hand on her gun.	在检查完床垫后，她转身，当她朝它走的时候，她看到了她前面的衣橱，把她的枪放在上面。	0
After explaining the basics of the PEF, Card talked about some of the legal challenges faced by the program in the various countries in which it operates.	卡在解释了 PEF 的基础知识后，谈到了该计划在其运作的各个国家所面临的一些法律挑战。	0
After gaining a doctorate in particle physics, Simon Singh joined the BBC where he worked as a producer for 6 years.	西蒙 · 辛格在获得粒子物理学博士学位后，加入了英国广播公司（ BBC ），他在那里担任了 6 年的制片人。	1
After getting absolutely humiliated in Tampa Bay, the Angels came back strong to win two out of three games against the Oakland Athletics.	在坦帕湾（ Tampa Bay ）受到绝对羞辱后，天使们再次表现出强大的实力，在三场与奥克兰田径运动队的比赛中赢得了两场。	2
After half an hour of people watching I decide to head in to the theatre.	经过半个小时的观看，我决定去剧院。	0
After her abortion Sarah would talk to her mother about the double loss of her father and her baby.	流产后， Sarah 将与母亲谈论她父亲和婴儿的双重损失。	1
After her initial arrest and while out on bond, he said she was arrested and charged with theft.	After her initial arrest and while out on bond, he said she was arrested and charged with theft.	2
After he was rendered unconscious, she turned back to the two other men.	在他失去知觉后，她又回到了另外两个人身上。	2
After Joey was finished Yugi pushed a display against the bench, securing it even further.	乔伊结束后，尤吉将显示器推到了板凳上，使其更加牢固。	2
After Lady Tsunade agrees to let them do it, they headed to their homes to get their gear.	在 Tsunade 夫人同意让她们这样做之后，她们就去家里拿他们的装备。	2
After meeting her new friend Miriam who was guiding her on her first anime con, but Sharon thought she had stuck out like a sore thumb.	在见到了她的新朋友 Miriam ，他正在引导她完成第一个动漫展，但 Sharon 认为她像一个痛的拇指一样被困住了。	2
After my father came over and looked at my thumb briefly, we set out for the hospital.	当我父亲过来看了一下我的拇指后，我们就去医院了。	0
After Noah was changed and his diaper bag was packed, they headed out.	挪亚被换了，他的尿布袋被包起来，他们就出去了。	2
After Officer Swick saw a vehicle matching the given license plate and make and model description, he began to follow it.	当斯维克军官看到一辆车匹配了指定的牌照，品牌和车型描述后，他就开始跟随它。	0
After only a few days, after puja he saw a hand up to the wrist and made a gesture.	几天后，他在做了礼拜后，看到一只手在手腕上，并做出了一个手势。	2
After only four and a half minutes she arrived at another small door and knocked three times fast, then twice slow.	她在四个半小时后，又来到了另一个小门，快速撞了三倍，然后又慢了两倍。	2
After playing and having fun in the Smoky Mountains the private spacious Hot Tub awaits you to unwind and relax under the stars.	在 Smoky Mountains 玩了一场游戏并玩了一把，私人宽敞的热水浴缸等着您在星空下放松身心。	1
After pulling on some yoga pants and a tank top, I went to the kitchen to grab a glass and poor myself that much needed glass of wine.	在穿上了一些瑜伽裤和背心后，我去厨房拿了一杯玻璃，我自己也很可怜，喝了一杯酒。	2
After reading about her half marathon experience, I was encouraged and reminded that I could go long and fast.	在阅读了她的半程马拉松经历后，我受到了鼓舞，并提醒我，我可以走得更长，更快速。	1
After reading this chapter I started talking to someone and they wanted to know why the hell was I speaking in a NYC accent!	阅读这一章后，我开始和别人交谈，他们想知道为什么我用纽约口音说话！	1
After reviewing these investments, we concluded that there was considerable uncertainty in the business prospects of these companies and thus uncertainty on the recoverability of the cost of the security.	在审查了这些投资之后，我们得出结论认为，这些公司的业务前景相当不确定，因此对安全成本的可收回性也存在不确定性。	0
After seeing who treats and processes our food, I have really taken to eating local.	在看到谁在处理和处理我们的食物后，我真的去吃了当地的食物。	1
After sliding the second boot on, she stood and walked across the store and back.	在滑下第二根鞋靴后，她站着，走过门店，然后返回。	2
After some research we can find some scholarships in the School of Fashion have to apply.	经过一些研究后，我们发现时尚学院必须申请一些奖学金。	1
After some revisions I think this is the final version.	经过一些修改后，我认为这是最后的版本。	1
After some time drawing a stable paycheck, he decided to go out on his own, first opening a title company and then a law practice.	经过一段时间的稳定薪酬检查后，他决定自己出去，先开设一家产权公司，然后再进行法律实践。	0
After speaking to a few people that had been to Boca Juniors matches, about half of them loved it, while the other half ended up having something stolen or being intimidated in some way.	在与曾参加过博卡青年队比赛的几个人交谈后，他们中约有一半人喜欢这场比赛，而另一半人最终有一些东西被盗或受到某种程度的恐吓。	2
After such coupling, concave areas in floors of both vehicles joined together, form a significant empty space that appears in the centre of such a spherical complex.	在这种耦合之后，两辆车地板上的凹面区域相互连接，形成一个巨大的空白区域，出现在这样一个球状结构的中心。	2
After that age, you typical become less physically active and start losing lean muscle.	在这一年龄之后，你通常会变得不太活跃，开始失去瘦身的肌肉。	1
After that he plows the whole field again so that it looks like it had never been touched by anything except the plow.	此后，他又把整个农田犁开，使它看起来除了犁外，从未被任何东西所触及。	2
After that, it is just a matter of catching the fish and acquiring the latest equipments and baits as you wish.	之后，这只是抓鱼，获取最新设备和诱饵的问题。	2
After that, the club appears to be in hot pursuit of Omar Vizquel, looking to steal him from the rival Indians.	此后，俱乐部似乎正在对奥马尔 · 维兹克尔进行追击，试图从对手的印度人那里偷走他。	1
After that, what became more important was learning more about the engineering process itself from a social aspect.	此后，更重要的是从社会层面更多地了解工程流程本身。	1
After the briefing, she was later able to share her volunteer experiences in congressional meetings.	在情况介绍之后，她后来能够在国会会议上分享她的志愿经验。	2
After the child is adopted, hopefully in a loving home, a decision is made by the child as to what role to play within the family.	在孩子被收养后，希望在一个充满爱的家庭中，孩子决定在家庭中扮演什么角色。	1
After the dance, the musicians took a brief break to allow the dancers a few moments to gather themselves and to get a drink.	舞蹈结束后，音乐家们休息了一会儿，让舞者们聚在一起喝一杯。	0
After the Normans, the Swabians ruled Gallipoli and for the loyalty of its inhabitants to them, the Angevin king Charles razed the town to the ground in 1269.	在诺曼人之后，斯瓦比人统治了加利波利，并由于其居民对他们的忠诚，安格文国王查尔斯于 1269 年将该镇夷为平地。	1
After the physiological and safety needs are fulfilled, the third human need is social.	在满足了生理和安全需求之后，人类的第三个需求是社会需求。	0
After the psychotic madman had been forced away from her, Bariss left the battle and knelt at her side.	在精神病医生被迫离开她之后，巴里斯离开了战斗，并在她身边跪了下来。	2
After the song is over Ron exits the stage only to sneak back on while Jeff is putting on his main Strat.	当歌曲出现在罗恩的后面时，他离开舞台，只是为了悄悄地回到舞台上，而杰夫正在进行他的主串。	2
After the third match, Don Roid got on the microphone and challenged team Pawlowski to get back in the ring and restart the match.	第三场比赛后， Don Roid 拿起话筒，挑战帕夫洛斯基队，重新开始比赛。	2
Afterwards, he came back and went to sleep; even as he felt more awake then he ever had in his life.	之后，他回来睡觉，尽管他感觉比他一生中更清醒。	2
After we answer that question correctly we may request of the divinity tha assignment of more, much needed, guardian angels.	在我们正确回答这个问题后，我们可能会要求分配更多，急需的监护人天使。	1
After wearing these for a couple of days, you just might even be tempted to let those beloved sneakers go softly into that good trashcan.	穿了几天之后，你甚至可能会被诱惑让那些心爱的运动鞋轻轻地进入那一个好的小山箱。	2
After World War I the world changed forever.	第一次世界大战后，世界发生了永远的变化。	1
After you get all that done you can worry about a trademark, which is really not necessary but can be beneficial if your buisness starts to become well known and successful.	完成所有这些操作后，您可以担心商标，这确实不是必要的，但如果您的业务开始广为人知并取得成功，则会有所裨益。	0
After you open the File Transfer Client and login to the remote machine, you will see a familiar graphical user interface, similar to the Microsoft Windows Explorer.	打开文件传输客户端并登录到远程计算机后，您将看到一个熟悉的图形用户界面，类似于 Microsoft Windows 资源管理器。	1
A fundamental platform for getting together all property designers was urgently searched for within this scenario.	在这种情况下，迫切需要寻找一个基础平台，让所有物业设计师聚在一起。	1
A fund has been set aside by the Government specifically to get new growth points off the ground quickly.	政府专门设立了一个基金，以便迅速取得新的增长点。	1
A further twin bedroom and a family bathroom .	另一间双床房和一间家庭浴室。	0
Again Christian friends would help me to see that I also needed to focus on truth.	同样，基督教的朋友们会帮助我看到我也需要关注真相。	1
Again compare the cell results displaying in that cell with the formula bar at the top of the screen.	再次将该单元格中显示的单元格结果与屏幕顶部的编辑栏进行比较。	0
Again his valuable focus was drawn to the still stupid and still trapped baka.	他的宝贵注意力再次被吸引到仍然愚蠢且仍然被困的巴卡。	1
Again, I'll get some pictures of Christina and her various little playthings on as soon as possible, which is really not that soon I guess.	再次，我会尽快得到一些关于克里斯蒂娜和她的各种小玩玩的照片，我猜这真的不是很快。	2
Again, separate services for adults and young people are crucial, and a consistent key worker is especially important for the latter.	同样，对成年人和年轻人的单独服务也至关重要，而对后者而言，始终如一的关键工作者尤为重要。	0
Again, the associated Planning Committee report can be found in Appendix B.	相关的规划委员会报告也可在附录 B 中找到	0
Aggression, to be successful, must be backed by mental power and by warrior prowess they had neither.	侵略要取得成功，就必须有精神力量和他们两者都没有的战士的支持。	2
A ghast would have filled the kitchen with its stench, even with the door hanging open.	一个贫民会让厨房充满恶臭，即使把门挂在门上。	2
A gingivectomy and gingivoplasty was performed on very delicate sulcular epithelium and by changing the pulse rate and power setting a frenectomy was performed on fiber tissue.	在非常精密的硫结膜上皮进行了刺牙切除术和刺牙成形术，并通过改变脉率和功率设置对纤维组织进行了一次结扎术。	1
A girl moves out of her parents house against their wishes and gets mixed up in vice and pornography.	一个女孩违背自己的意愿离开了父母的家，并被混入了色情和色情制品中。	1
A good comparison of the language features between Java and Python can be found online, along with a nice comparison of code simplicity and efficiency.	可以在网上找到 Java 和 Python 语言功能的比较，以及代码简单性和效率的比较。	0
A good gift for any geek on the list.	一份给清单上的任何一个极客的好礼物。	2
A good indication of the scale of the shows was the amount of SMS sent by the viewers during the contest period.	观众在比赛期间发送的短信数量充分说明了演出的规模。	1
A good number of the people mentioned never actually existed.	所提到的许多人实际上从未存在过。	1
A good place to start is the Cairns Museum in City Place, which is housed in the old Cairns School of Arts building.	一个很好的起点是 City Place 的凯恩斯博物馆，它坐落在古老的凯恩斯艺术学院大楼里。	1
A good preventative measure is a diet consisting of lamb and rice dog food.	一个很好的预防措施是一种由羊肉和米狗食品组成的饮食。	1
A good rule of thumb, when reading outside feedback on a Web hosting company, might be to assume that negative reviews are the vocal minority, while the positive reviews are more often than not paid for.	在阅读有关 Web 托管公司的外部反馈时，一个很好的经验法则可能是假设负面评论是口头上的少数，而正面的评论往往是不值得的。	2
A good way to refocus your dogs behavior is to ask him to wait a moment before he eats.	重新调整您的狗行为的一个好方法是让他等一会儿才吃。	0
A great amount in attendance were invited guests.	应邀出席的客人很多。	0
A greater danger was that I might become disorientated and lose control; in turbulent cloud this was generally fatal.	一个更大的危险是我可能会变得迷失方向，失去控制；在动荡的云中，这通常是致命的。	2
Agree Disagree Hide this question Reply to This Message Attributes associated with this message: #66615 will be notified if you reply to this message!	同意不同意隐藏此问题回复与此消息相关的消息属性：如果您回复此消息，将会通知 #66615 ！	1
Agreed with the insurer the order of restitution.	同意保险人的赔偿命令。	0
A group of 12 leaders representing different stakeholder communities came together to discuss the approach and to undertake a stakeholder visioning process through an appreciative inquiry.	代表不同利益攸关方社区的 12 名领导人汇聚一堂，讨论这一办法，并通过一项值得赞赏的调查开展利益攸关方愿景规划进程。	1
A growl of ager and pain escaped his lips as he spun to find no one behind him.	一个大的老头和痛苦从他的嘴唇上逃脱，他吐出来，不在他身后找到任何人。	2
A guide to effective partnership working published by the Home Office, September 2007.	A guide to effective partnership working published by the Home Office, September 2007.	2
A half moon hung in the cloudless summer sky, silvering the grass and trees of Blithering Idiot State Park.	一个半月的月亮在无云的夏日天空下悬挂着，使百态白痴国家公园的草地和树木被蚕丝。	2
A hard to put down book as you want to know just whose wedding will go ahead or maybe not as planned!	很难预定，因为你想知道谁的婚礼会举行，或者可能不会像计划中的那样！	2
A heavy emphasis is put on youth education and a network of cooperation exists to support victims of racial crimes.	对青年的教育给予了高度重视，并建立了一个合作网络来支持种族犯罪的受害者。	1
A higher percentage of women than men worried about three main concerns - decline in health and the ensuing costs of long term care, outliving money and inflation hitting purchasing power over the years.	担心三大主要问题的妇女比例高于男子，这三大问题是：健康下降以及随之而来的长期护理费用，过期资金和通货膨胀多年来影响购买力。	2
A history friendly model is built on a simplified formal representation of the theory being considered, and aims to test the consistency and power of that theory by exploring the performance of the model.	一个对历史友好的模型建立在所考虑的理论的简单正式表示基础上，目的是通过探索模型的性能来测试该理论的一致性和力量。	1
Ah, I was wondering why Manticore had to go to this school, where he could be identified.	啊，我想知道为什么曼蒂克尔不得不去这所学校，在那里他可以被认出。	1
A home loan is possible the biggest debt you will add in your life, and it can take up to 30 years to pay off a home mortgage.	住宅贷款可能是您一生中所增加的最大债务，而住房抵押贷款可能需要长达 30 年的时间才能偿还。	1
Ahsoka sat on the couch dressed in a dark blue, sparkly, strapless dress with splits down the side to show some leg and had most of her back showing.	阿赫索卡坐在沙发上，身穿深蓝色，闪亮，无裤脚的裙子，侧边分开，露出一条腿，大部分背部都露出来。	1
A huge effort had been put in by everyone to make the show such a great production.	每个人都付出了巨大的努力，使这场演出成为如此伟大的作品。	1
Aias was nearly down, yet all the soldiers in this army were gathering strength for a second attack.	AIA 几乎已经停机，但这支军队的所有士兵都在为第二次攻击而集结力量。	2
Aikman was knocked out of the first game without completing a pass to Galloway or anyone else.	艾克曼在未能通过加洛韦或其他任何人的传球的情况下被击败了第一场比赛。	2
Aims and Objectives The aim describes the direction in which the curriculum points, the objectives are statements of what you will have achieved at the conclusion of the curriculum.	目的和目标目标本目标描述了课程要点的方向，目标陈述了您在课程结束时将取得的成绩。	0
Air Conditioning Your air conditioning system dehumidifies and purifies the air inside your car, which helps to prevent your windows from misting up.	空调您的空调系统可以对车内的空气进行除湿和净化，这有助于防止车窗起雾。	0
Air Europa is the first company to have ended the reign of Spanish airline Iberia, who previously had no competition in the domain of domestic flights.	欧罗巴航空公司是第一家结束西班牙航空公司伊比利亚航空公司统治的公司，该公司以前在国内航班领域没有竞争。	2
Airline Transportation Regardless of the site selected, teams will be flying in from all over the country.	航空运输团队将从全国各地起飞，无论选择哪个地点。	1
Airport Car Rental in Bat Yam We hope that you are satisfied with the discount rental car reservation system we provide you.	Bat Yam 机场租车服务我们希望您对我们提供的租车折扣预订系统感到满意。	0
Airwave came up with the vision of the product concept in collaboration with the British ambulance services for the safety of staff ...	AirWave 与英国救护部门合作，为员工的安全提出了产品概念的愿景 ...	0
A is expected to respond with a CLOSE command to his TCP.	应使用 Close 命令对其 TCP 作出响应。	0
AIT was begun by six art curators and organisers in 2001 in Tokyo.	2001 年，亚洲理工学院在东京由六位艺术馆长和组织者发起。	1
A Japanese looking girl, a brunette boy and another boy who had he hair shaped up into a spike with a purple dot in the middle.	一个看起来像日本人的女孩，一个小男孩和另一个男孩，他的头发被塑造成一个尖峰，中间有一个紫色的圆点。	2
AJAX is becoming popular because it provides rich user experience.	Ajax 之所以越来越受欢迎，是因为它提供了丰富的用户体验。	0
AJ squinted over, but lacked the intensely sharp vision of the Pegasus to distinguish the tracks at that distance.	AJ 坐了一会，但缺乏佩加索人的清晰视野来区分这段距离的赛道。	1
Akane herself looked over at the other two fiancées and growled under her breath.	阿卡内自己看着另外两个未婚妻，在她的呼吸下长大。	2
Akane, meantime, was reacquainting him with the slow burn of her touch, the particular way her fingers traced the lines of his body through his shirt.	与此同时， Akane 重新认识了她触球缓慢燃烧的过程，她的手指通过衬衫追踪他身体的线条，这是一种特别的方式。	2
Akari stayed so she could walk home with Chase she needed to talk to him and it was obvious he also needed somebody to talk too.	阿卡里留下来了，所以她可以和大通一起回家，她需要和他交谈，很明显，他也需要有人交谈。	1
Akaya remembered that, as a child, she had a beautiful voice that often calmed him whenever he threw his child tantrums.	Akaya 还记得，作为一个孩子，她有一个美丽的声音，每当他扔下孩子的大罐时，她就常常会使他平静下来。	2
A key success occurred in 2009 when the students participating in the project met with lawmakers and public managers about the Federal District education budget.	2009 年，参与该项目的学生与议员和公共管理人员就联邦区教育预算进行了会晤，取得了重大成功。	1
A knock came to his door and he turned to open it.	他的门上有一个敲门，他转身打开了。	2
Alabama Family Law: Observations of a Divorce Lawyer I recently found this article at the Georgia Family Law Blog.	Alabama Family Law: Observations of a divorce lawyer I recently found this article at the Georgia Family Law Blog.	2
A lacquer finish of three sprayed coats and solid brass hardware make each jewelry box a work of art. This is one master cabinetmaker whose bywords are quality and perfection.	三件喷漆涂层和固体黄铜五金使每个珠宝盒都成为一件艺术品。这是一个大师级的木箱制造商，其文字质量和完美。	2
ALAIN DEJAMMET (France) said the current resolution sought the extradition of the suspects in the assassination attempt.	Alain Dejammet （法国）说，目前的决议要求引渡企图暗杀的嫌疑犯。	0
A landscape of limestone cliffs, lavender and olive trees will accompany the trip.	旅程将伴随着石灰岩悬崖，薰衣草和橄榄树的景观。	1
Alan Francis Doyle: Known as Doyle to his friends, he was part of the original group of Angel Investigations and a half demon.	艾伦 · 弗朗西斯 · 多伊尔（ Alan Francis Doyle ）：在他的朋友中，他被称为多伊尔（ Doyle ），他是天使调查小组最初的成员，也是半个恶魔。	0
Alan Lam and I also attended a sleeper debate on Wireless issues in the industry.	林志光和我还参加了一场关于无线行业问题的卧铺辩论。	1
Alan looked up from his book to see that every man or so in the lounge had finished their meal and were currently enjoying themselves on cigars and pipes.	艾伦从他的书里望过去，看到休息室里的每一个男人都吃完了饭，现在他们都在用雪茄和烟斗来享受自己的生活。	2
Alan opens the envelope so hastily that he tears it, and jerks out the pages.	艾伦如此匆忙地打开信封，撕裂了它，并将页面弹出。	2
A large business solution is available as a tailored package.	大型企业解决方案可作为定制软件包提供。	0
A large hand lands on my back and I turn around to a punch in the face.	一只大手落在我的后面，我转身朝脸上的一个拳击。	2
A large number of people within the population are curious about words that begin with the letter J .	人口中的许多人对以字母 J 开头的单词感到好奇。	2
A large offset for the play command is observed in the log files.	在日志文件中观察到播放命令的较大偏移。	0
A large variety of air, land and sea vehicles and machines appeared in the series, the majority of which were designed by special effects director Derek Meddings.	该系列中出现了大量的航空，陆地和海上车辆和机器，其中大部分是由特效主任德里克 · 梅丁斯设计的。	0
A late flare and subsequent hard touchdown by an experienced captain or a inexperienced first officer for example.	例如，一名经验丰富的船长或一名经验不足的一等军官的晚闪和随后的硬碰。	2
A lawn is one of those things which you have to have if you want to complete the look and feel of your home.	如果你想完成你家的外观和感觉 , 草坪是你必须拥有的东西之一 .	1
Albano travelled as hastily as his sensibility would allow over the sublime world round about him.	阿尔巴诺的旅行就像他的情欲所允许的那样匆忙。	2
Albert barely managed to pull him away from danger, shoving him behind his back and shielding him with his own body.	艾伯特几乎没有设法将他从危险中拉出来，把他背在后面，用自己的身体保护他。	0
Albus Dumbledore walked solemnly through the ashes of the Potter home, averting his eyes as he passed by the corpses of James and Lily Potter.	奥尔布斯 · 杜布莱多尔庄严地走过了《波特》家的灰烬，在他经过詹姆斯和《百合 · 波特》的尸体时，他的眼睛被避开了。	2
Albus is told of a unforgiven mistress and everyone has became curious about it.	阿尔布斯被告知有一个不可原谅的女主人，每个人都对她感到好奇。	1
Alcohol and sex do not mix -- drunken sex is not consensual sex.	酒精和性别不混合 -- -- 醉酒性行为不是自愿性行为。	1
Alderson was the first round pick in the 2007 draft and was ranked the number four prospect in the Giants organization by Baseball America,[31] but Sanchez provided a much needed jump for the Giants offense.	阿尔德森是 2007 年草案中的第一轮比赛，被美国棒球协会评为巨人组织的第四名潜在客户， [31] 但桑切斯为巨人队的进攻提供了一个非常必要的跳跃。	2
A legendary designer has come out with a clothing line inspired by one of the presidential candidates.	一位传奇设计师推出了受总统候选人启发的服装系列。	2
Alercer Corp AOR Aroma Crystal Therapy Aubrey Aviva Bach Other manufacturers...	Alercer Corp AOR Aroma Crystal Therapy Aubrey Aviva Bach 其他制造商 ...	2
Alert yourself about important events with different alarms and replace your computer tray clock using different skins.	使用不同的警报提醒自己重要事件，并使用不同的外壳更换计算机托盘时钟。	0
A letter of support is required from the Parish Council to be included with the application – Cllr Bates will produce this.	申请中必须包含帕里什委员会的支持函– Cllr Bates 将提供支持函。	0
Alex and I stayed out for another two hours.	亚历克斯和我又在外面呆了两个小时。	0
Alex Cooper auctioneers Real Estate Auctions For over 80 years, Alex Cooper Auctioneers has been the most trusted name for both buyers and sellers of real estate.	Alex Cooper 拍卖房地产拍卖 80 多年来， Alex Cooper 拍卖人一直是房地产买卖双方最信任的名字。	1
Alexis: China, my flight leaves at ten tonight and I'd really like to see you guys there one last time before I leave.	亚历克西斯：中国，我的航班今晚 10 点离开，我真的很想在我离开之前的最后一次见到你们。	1
Al Gore stole stole the idea for the Internet from Kissell, but Kissell is just too modest to say anything.	阿尔 · 戈尔从基塞尔手中偷走了互联网的想法，但基塞尔的态度实在太温和了，不能说什么。	2
A library collection based upon blog recommendations would be a mess.	根据博客建议收集的图书馆将是一场混乱。	2
Alice had been nice enough to clue me in to that little bit of information during a Bella Barbie session.	艾丽丝非常好，在一次贝拉 · 巴比会议期间，他给我提供了一些信息。	1
Alice is Edwards Sister but was nothing like him.	爱丽丝是爱德华兹的妹妹，但和他完全不一样。	0
Alice is will never let me wear it looking like this.	爱丽丝永远不会让我穿这样的衣服。	0
A life of poverty and verbal abuse followed them through their turbulant childhood.	贫困和辱骂的生活在他们的动荡童年时期。	1
A lifetime worth of living crammed into a transportable space.	一个值得一生居住的地方，挤在一个可运输的空间里。	2
A light shone from the office window, and there being no blind to screen the interior Henchard could see Donald Farfrae still seated where he had left...	办公室窗户上的灯光照亮了，没有遮光帘来屏住汉查德的内部，可以看到唐纳德 · 法拉弗仍然坐在他离开的地方……	2
Alignment of each of the Chakras to corresponding energetic essences.	将每一个 Chakras 与相应的精力充沛的精华对齐。	2
Alignment of liability clauses and contract penalties with the market standards.	使责任条款和合同处罚与市场标准保持一致。	0
A list of home remedies for the topic Abcessed Tooth.	关于主题的家庭补救措施列表（ Abcessed Tooth ）。	2
A little fix up work can transform an ugly facade to the house of your respective dreams.	一个小小的修复工作可以把丑陋的外表变成你各自梦想的房子。	1
A little taste of you I doubt I'll ever forget, even if I go on to use every GF ever known for the next twenty years.	我想我会忘记你的一点味道，即使我继续使用未来二十年的每一种 GF 。	2
A little while later another boat came by the house and found the man standing on his roof.	稍后，另一艘船经过房屋，发现该名男子站在他的屋顶上。	0
All About Internet Chat Article Navigation Back To Main Page Click Here for more articles Internet Chat Rooms: Are We Missing the Point?	所有关于 Internet 聊天文章导航返回主页单击此处查看更多文章 Internet 聊天室：我们是否错过了要点？	1
All airplanes fly over or around these clouds as passing through could destroy them.	所有的飞机在云层上空或周围飞行，因为经过可能会摧毁它们。	1
All apartments comprise kitchenettes with a kettle and fridge as well as bathrooms with showers.	所有公寓都有小厨房，水壶，冰箱以及带淋浴的浴室。	0
ALL appplications are held in our database by date.	所有应用程序均按日期保存在我们的数据库中。	0
All are deluded and move in the world with perverted intellects.	所有的人都在世界中被迷惑和移动，他们都有着被歪曲的智慧。	2
All are expected from a good Cheney shared website hosting provider.	所有这些都是来自一家优秀的 Cheney 共享网站托管提供商的预期。	2
All because their beloved, second coming of Reagan proved a disasterous failure.	因为他们心爱的里根的第二次到来证明了一个荒谬的失败。	0
All bets were off when it came to Scott.	所有的赌注都是在斯科特的时候被打掉的。	2
All ccTLD operators have been invited to join this organization, including all the participants in CENTR.	所有的 ccTLD 运营商都被邀请加入该组织，包括所有的中心参与者。	1
All circumstances considered - All credit circumstances sympathetically considered, even if you have been refused a On Line Home Equity Personal Loan elsewhere.	考虑到所有情况 - 考虑到所有信贷情况，即使您在其他地方被拒绝接受在线房屋股本个人贷款。	2
All completed MCCCD course work is included to determine number of credits and cumulative grade point average.	所有已完成的 MCCCD 课程工作都包括在内，以确定学分数和累积分数平均值。	1
All copyright and other proprietary notices on any Site Content must be retained on any copies.	任何网站内容上的所有版权和其他所有权声明必须保留在任何副本上。	1
All data not collected from this system is entered manually from employees and contractors via paper or electronic format.	所有未从此系统收集的数据都是通过纸张或电子格式从员工和承包商处手动输入的。	0
All day long you have quite a bit of children playing in the street from the whole neighborhood because our street is not that busy.	一整天，你都有很多孩子在街上玩耍，因为我们的街道不是那么繁忙。	1
All eighteen partner institutions contribute to the strategic direction of the initiative through regular workshops, meetings and electronic discussions.	所有 18 个伙伴机构都通过定期的讲习班，会议和电子讨论为该倡议的战略方向作出贡献。	1
All EPA activities related to water security are carried out in consultation with DHS and the EPA's Water Sector partners.	与水安全有关的所有 EPA 活动都是在与 DHS 和 EPA 的水部门合作伙伴协商的情况下进行的。	1
All forms of sickness, disease, and mental disorder can be defined in some way by an imbalance or dysfunction within this homeostatic relationship.	所有形式的疾病，疾病和精神障碍都可以通过这种家庭关系中的不平衡或功能障碍以某种方式定义。	1
All handpieces can be thermo disinfected and put in autoclave at 135°.	所有手柄均可进行热消毒，并在 135° 高温高压灭菌。	1
All he can think to himself is this albino freak just checked out his ass at 2am and all he wants to do is go home.	他能想到的只是凌晨两点刚刚走出他的困境的这只阿尔比诺河，他想做的就是回家。	2
All he knew was that Hermione had started it.	他所知道的就是赫米奥内开始了这项计划。	0
All humans have so many times of bad relating and understanding, that you cannot ever count it.	所有人类都有如此多的不好的关系和理解，以至于你永远无法计数。	2
Alliance NOID They both have new growth coming up and new roots started to emerged but I notice the two Odonto I put together. they have signs of shrinking new roots?	联盟 NOID 它们都有新的增长，新的根也开始出现，但我注意到我所建立的两个奥东多。它们有迹象表明新的根在缩小？	2
Alliance security interests can be affected by other risks of a wider nature, including proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, disruption of the flow of vital resources and actions of terrorism and sabotage.	联盟的安全利益可能受到其他更广泛的风险的影响，包括大规模毁灭性武器的扩散，重要资源流动的中断以及恐怖主义和破坏行动。	0
All I know is that life can unexpectantly place you somewhere you do not want to be with no means of escape.	我所知道的是，生活可能会让你意想不到地把你放在你不想有任何逃脱手段的地方。	2
All I'm saying is that I find myself less and less active in the actual process of adding information since I became an admin, and noticed that it was much the same for Legodude760 and Daiku.	我所说的是，自从我成为管理员以来，我发现自己在添加信息的实际过程中越来越不积极，并且注意到 Legodudede760 和 Daiku 的情况也是一样的。	1
All i needed to do was enter my age and height.	我只需要输入我的年龄和身高。	0
All inputs connect to every node in the network.	所有输入都连接到网络中的每个节点。	0
All I was doing was enjoying a peaceful flight when she comes out of nowhere with her guns and starts pestering me like a fly.	我所做的只是享受一个和平的飞行，当她用枪从一个地方出来，开始像苍蝇一样对我打水。	2
All just to say two words to my beloved.	所有这些都是为了向我的爱人说两句话。	0
All levels and bodies of FIG will routinely consider ways to enhance the participation of linguistic, cultural minorities and those from countries facing financial constraints.	无性别歧视行动计划的所有级别和机构将定期审议如何加强语言，文化少数群体和面临财政困难的国家的少数群体的参与。	2
All logic suggests that the Master Sword killed him.	所有的逻辑都表明，剑师杀了他。	1
All logos shown here are for reference only.	此处显示的所有徽标仅供参考。	0
All manifestation is a result of this invisible energy.	所有的表现都是这种无形的能量的结果。	1
All meetings at Decatur General West will be in the Front Group Room.	所有在德凯图尔西部将军的会议都将在前排会议室举行。	0
All meetings of the Committee will be open to the entire membership of the Committee.	委员会的所有会议将向委员会全体成员开放。	0
All mine I took a moment this morning to look out the window and watch the sun rise during my morning cup of jo.	今天早上我所有的人都花了一点时间望着窗外，看着早晨我喝着 Jo 杯的太阳升起。	2
All my lasers are nearly useless for anything but shields.	我所有的激光器几乎都是无用的，除了护罩。	2
All new everything including black appliances and granite counter tops.	所有新的东西，包括黑色电器和花岗岩台面。	1
All offers in New Jersey have to be presented in writing so presenting your offer in contract form shows the seller you are serious buyer.	新泽西州的所有报价都必须以书面形式提供，因此以合同形式提供您的报价可以向卖家表明您是认真的买家。	0
All of my puppies are handled from the day they are born so that they are well socialized by the time they go to their forever home.	我所有的小狗都是从出生之日起就被处理的，所以当他们回到他们的永久家园时，他们就会变得很好地社交。	1
All of our meetings will help our members to stay focusd on making healthy choices and adding more tasty food recipes that will stop starvation diets.	我们的所有会议都将帮助我们的成员专注于做出健康的选择和添加更美味的食物食谱，从而阻止饥饿的饮食。	1
All of our onboard social activities are organized by our professional cruise directors.	我们所有的船上社交活动都由我们专业的巡游总监组织。	1
All of the 39 suites located within picturesque gardens are ideal for a multiple day conference or meeting.	39 间套房位于风景如画的花园内，是举办多日会议的理想之选。	0
All of the commands which delete files will consult this field to determine if the file should be deleted.	删除文件的所有命令都将参考此字段以确定是否应删除文件。	0
All of the cracking is done on the local file system.	所有的破解都在本地文件系统上完成。	0
All of the limestone surface had disapeared under a mass of greenery.	所有的石灰岩表面都在一片绿色之下被冲出来了。	2
All of them represent the fact that we are pretty flexibile, making us be able to satisfy market needs quickly and in quality.	所有这些都代表了我们非常灵活的事实，使我们能够快速，高质量地满足市场需求。	0
All of them were headed deeper into the forest, straight towards the ominous chakra signature.	所有这些人都被深入森林，直至那不祥的 chakra 标志。	2
All of the rooms are equipped with private showers and toilets.	所有房间都配有私人淋浴和卫生间。	0
All of these drugs will be covered by medical insurance and sold at cost.	所有这些药物都将由医疗保险支付，并按成本出售。	0
All of these loans were acquired from SCMI.	所有这些贷款都是从 SCMI 获得的。	0
All of these people are of no value for the market and will fall off.	所有这些人都对市场毫无价值，将会倒台。	1
All of these would hinder a drug retail industry from maintaining a global competitive advantage.	所有这些都将阻碍毒品零售行业保持全球竞争优势。	0
All of the soldiers scrambled to the manhole.	所有的士兵都被人炒到了洞里。	2
All of the teachers I have observed are very positive and that is the strategy that I plan to use.	我观察到的所有教师都非常积极，这就是我计划采用的策略。	0
All of this energy is going to collect inside your golden sun first, where it can be cleansed and revitalized.	所有这些能量都将在你的黄金太阳里聚集，在那里可以清洗和恢复活力。	1
All of which brings us back to the question of allowing seven story buildings in town.	所有这些都让我们回到了允许在镇上建造七层建筑的问题。	2
All our contact staff have enhanced CRB clearance.	我们的所有联系人员都增强了 CRB 清除能力。	0
All our single and double rooms are friendly and comfortable designed.	我们所有的单人房和双人房设计友好舒适。	1
Allowances paid to Apprentices amount to around a quarter to one third of the normal wage.	支付给学徒的津贴约为正常工资的四分之一至三分之一。	1
Allow Post Edits - When this box is checked posters in this forum will be allowed to edit their posts.	允许帖子编辑 - 选中此框后，将允许此论坛中的海报编辑其帖子。	2
All papers that are assigned are to be corrected unless there are extenuating circumstances.	所有分配的文件都将被更正，除非有减轻处罚的情况。	1
All possible choice will be removed from patients and their health care providers and cookbook treatment and management protocols will become mandatory.	所有可能的选择都将从患者及其医疗服务提供者中删除，而且食谱治疗和管理协议将成为强制性的。	2
All prizes will be sent to you by normal mail and will be paid by money order.	所有奖品将通过普通邮件发送给您，并通过汇票支付。	0
All questions and comments are encouraged from everyone who attends.	所有问题和评论都鼓励参加会议的每个人提出。	1
All racers must have their car inspected by race officials before the race.	所有参赛者必须在比赛前由赛事官员检查其赛车。	2
All rights go to Lynyrd Skynyrd and their record labels and the producers of...	所有权利都由 Lynyrd Skynyrd 及其记录标签和 ... 的生产商拥有。	0
All roof and rib tests shall be made using the sound and vibration method.	所有车顶和肋条测试均应使用声音和振动方法进行。	1
All section headings and captions used in this Agreement are purely for convenience and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.	本协议中使用的所有章节标题和标题纯粹是为了方便起见，不影响对本协议的解释。	0
All sides have agreed that this format deserves to be further developed.	各方一致认为，这种形式值得进一步发展。	1
All small business requirements you could possibly have are equipped and when you are heading to obtain loads of small business conferences, the Nikko Resort would be the destination to remain.	您可能拥有的所有小型企业要求都已准备好，当您要参加大量小型企业会议时， Nikko Resort 将是您的理想选择。	1
All states have expressed their desire to have an effective United Nations.	所有国家都表示希望有一个有效的联合国。	1
All States will be required to establish a regulatory framework specifying the criteria for the certification of aerodromes ?	所有国家都必须建立一个管理框架，具体规定机场认证的标准？	0
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Fertility Over 40, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.	所有此类第三方均被禁止使用您的个人信息，但为超过 40 岁的生育率提供此类服务除外，并且要求他们对您的信息保密。	1
All tee boxes are also marked to the center of the green, which helps tremendously with club selection.	所有的 T 恤盒也标记在绿色的中心，这极大地有助于俱乐部的选择。	2
All that darkened the mood of the village was the sight of orphaned children.	使该村的气氛更加暗淡的是孤儿的视线。	0
All that matters is how my story went and what I have done.	最重要的是我的故事是如何发生的，我做了什么。	0
All the better to milk the bar dry with my dears.	最好是用我的德尔斯把吧台弄干。	2
All the cribs will be kept in that room and two babies will share each crib, she said at the time, unless one is sick, because they are so strong and healthy right now.	她当时表示，所有婴儿床都将保存在房间里，每只婴儿床都将有两个婴儿共用，除非有人生病，因为他们现在身体很强，健康。	1
ALL THE DESIGNERS who took part in this project donated their work in favour of Amnesty.	参与这一项目的所有设计师都向大赦捐赠了他们的作品。	2
All the episodes from 19 onwards show no more hesitation in him to pilot, and in some cases he actually confronts his father to try and get into a combat role.	从 19 起的所有事件都表明他不再犹豫要飞行员，在某些情况下，他实际上与他的父亲对抗，试图扮演战斗角色。	1
All the files in the current directory can be referred to by *.	当前目录中的所有文件均可由 * 引用。	1
All the floating shelving is secured to all three sides of the alcoves and as structural shelving can support full loading without sagging.	所有浮动货架都固定在凹室的所有三侧，因为结构货架可以支持完全装载，而不会产生任何阻碍。	1
All the good will cant disguise that all these collages are exactly the same as each other.	所有的好都不能掩盖所有这些拼贴画都是完全相同的。	1
All the info is correct except for the Southeast Forest and Caballa Relics quests.	除了东南部森林和卡瓦拉遗址保护之外，所有信息都是正确的。	0
All the mighty ones of Heaven are yours to command!	天国的所有全能者都是你的指挥！	1
All the new building in the surrounding towns.	周围城镇的所有新建筑。	1
All the of the chocolate and soft drink was demolished within the first two days and there is only a little bit of alcohol left.	所有的巧克力和软饮料在头两天内都被销毁，只剩下一点点酒精。	0
All the plants outside have either gone dormant for the winter or finished their life cycle....	外面所有的植物要么在冬天都休眠，要么已经完成了它们的生命周期…	1
All the products in our collection are designed for comfort, keeping in mind the latest quality standards.	我们系列的所有产品都是为舒适而设计的，同时牢记最新的质量标准。	1
All these are the result of the misguided economic policies of this Government.	所有这些都是该国政府错误的经济政策的结果。	0
All the security here is going to make his job a lot harder.	这里的所有安全都将使他的工作变得更加困难。	1
All these texts can be easily saved and can be either uploaded on any server or be printed out with a real printer.	所有这些文本都可以轻松保存，并且可以上载到任何服务器上，也可以用真正的打印机打印出来。	1
All the Shoes are packed with original box, and the tags and style code number is 100% correct, small mini order and even drop ship is available here.	所有鞋子都装有原装包装盒，标签和款式代码编号 100% 正确，这里提供小型订单甚至是货件。	2
All the subcontractors below them being supervised by an employee entrusted by the general contractor.	他们下面的所有分包商都由总承包商委托的一名雇员监督。	0
All the vertebrae that grow in this region bear ribs, which indicate that these are thoracic vertebrae.	该地区生长的所有椎骨都有肋骨，这表明它们是胸椎。	0
All the wall hangings are made in fabric, matching to make the apartment cosy and relaxing.	所有的壁挂都是用织物制成的，使公寓舒适而放松。	1
All they can do is fix, calculate and control because no one else appears in control; at least no one they can trust.	他们所能做的只是修复，计算和控制，因为没有其他人能够控制；至少没有人可以信任。	1
All things have their time and all things come to dust.	所有的事情都有时间，所有的事情都是灰尘。	2
All this became a routine every day but could find or hear nothing.	所有这些都成了每天都要做的事，但却找不到或听不到任何东西。	2
All this has come at the expense of the overwhelming majority of Chinese who work in poverty and live under the boot of an oppressive state.	所有这些都是以牺牲了绝大多数在贫困中工作并生活在压迫性国家的领导下的中国人为代价的。	0
All three actresses appear to be having fun, but the mood is not very contagious and the writing is stuck in grade school when it comes to character development.	三位女演员似乎都很有趣，但情绪并不是很有感染力，在性格发展方面，写作也被困在了一年级的学校里。	2
All thru the night there is alot of inside jokes within the commentary.	整个晚上，评论里都有很多内部笑话。	1
All travelers must agree to depart and return on dates specified by the Sponsor; dates of departure and return are subject to change.	所有旅客必须同意在主办方指定的日期出发和返程；出发和返程日期可能有所变更。	0
All TRAVIS More Than Us song lyrics and TRAVIS More Than Us lyrics provided are property and copyright of their actual owners.	所有的 Travis 比我们更多的歌曲歌词和 Travis 比我们更多的歌词都是他们的所有者的财产和版权。	2
All underground and none with one interest in mind.	都是地下的，没有一个都有一种兴趣。	2
Allusion- Norton, who the Invisible Man drove, made a reference to Ralph Waldo Emerson who was a famous Save Contrast: Invisibly Man v. Catcher in the Rye black boys blind folded and thrown into a battle royal.	这位隐形男子驾驶的诺顿提到了拉尔夫 · 沃尔多 · 艾默生，他是一个著名的“拯救对比”：“隐形男子诉罗黑男孩中的卡特彻”，他把他的眼睛折叠起来，扔进了一个皇家战场。	2
All USUHS employees are eligible to participate in training activities at government expense.	所有 USUHS 员工都有资格参加由政府出资的培训活动。	0
Alluvial land appears on the floodplains of small streams.	冲积砂地出现在小溪流的泛洪平原上。	1
All villages in Warwickshire that do not have a 30mph speed limit will be reviewed as part of this process.	在这一过程中，将对沃威克郡所有未达到 30 英里 / 小时速度限制的村庄进行审查。	1
All we ask is that you run a profitable and ethical business, giving top priority to the needs of your clients.	我们所要求的是，您经营一个盈利且合乎道德的业务，优先考虑客户的需求。	0
All we know is their judgement is more juvenile than their years.	我们所知道的是，他们的判断比他们的年龄还要少。	2
All who attend are encourage to ride their bike.	所有参加者都鼓励骑自行车。	2
All you do gooders I would love to follow you around for a week or two.	你做的一切谷歌都很好，我愿意跟你走一两周。	2
All you have to do is read a fucking newspaper to see what a fucking asshole our president is.	你所要做的就是阅读一份新报纸，看看我们的总统是什么样的新总统。	0
All you need to know is your carrier and your cell phone number.	您只需知道您的运营商和手机号码。	0
Almost all of the adults in my life were smokers.	我一生中几乎所有的成年人都是吸烟者。	2
Almost all of the fatalities in the Groundhog Day tornadoes occurred in leveled structures.	在贡多霍日的龙卷风中，几乎所有的死亡都发生在平坦的建筑物中。	1
Almost all the consumers love hermes brikin bags are sensitive to the innovative design and exquisite handcraft.	几乎所有的消费者都喜欢爱爱爱马仕的硬皮袋，对创新设计和精致的手工工艺都很敏感。	2
Almost everything I want to do can be done with Linux so why waste my time and money on using Windows.	我想做的几乎一切都可以用 Linux 完成，所以为什么要浪费我的时间和金钱来使用 Windows 。	0
Almost everywhere he looked people were laughing at him.	他看着的几乎每一个地方都有人在笑着。	1
Almost like the singing voice of a human being.	几乎就像一个人的歌唱声音。	1
A long and trying court action ensued, as a result of which Strauss was required to pay a high settlement to the plaintiffs, a Russian railway company.	随后又发生了一场漫长而又艰难的法庭诉讼，因此， Strauss 必须向原告 -- -- 一家俄罗斯铁路公司支付高额的和解费。	0
A long ball from the left found Steve Guinan and he shrugged of the challenge of Kieran Charnock to deliver the perfect square pass which Danny Williams eased past Andy Woods.	左边的一个长球发现史蒂夫 · 吉尼斯安和他对基兰 · 查尔诺克挑战感到非常恼火，他提供了完美的方形传球，丹尼 · 威廉姆斯通过了安迪 · 伍兹。	2
A long flowing tricot scarf flows from the tip and the rim accented with silver trim.	长流动的三头巾从尖端流出，边缘带有银色饰件。	2
Alongside the Moka icon theme, I have been creating a GTK/window theme of the same name –which the icon theme is meant to accompany.	除了 Moka 图标主题之外，我还创建了同名的 GTK/ 窗口主题，图标主题就是要与之配套的。	1
Along the way, he learns a few valuable lessons about responsibility and not being afraid to join in with the right group of people.	在这段时间里，他学习了一些关于责任的宝贵经验教训，并且不害怕加入正确的群体。	2
Along the way I boosted the highs considerably in both channels.	在这一过程中，我在这两个渠道中都大大提高了这一水平。	1
Along the way in this long process, most bills fall by the wayside.	在这一漫长的过程中，大部分帐单都是靠路边的。	2
Along with that theme there are several subthemes.	除了这一主题外，还有几个子主题。	0
Along with the best sunglasses we offer the best prices too!	除了最好的太阳镜，我们还提供最优惠的价格！	0
Along with the disappearance of the dinosaurs, other and great changes occurred in the various branches of the saurian family.	随着恐龙的消失，索拉家族的各个分支也发生了巨大的变化。	0
Along with the lowering of liability pricing should come a maintaining of loan rates at mid-2008 levels, and a willingness to raise rates at any opportunity.	随着负债定价的降低，应将贷款利率维持在 2008 年年中的水平，并愿意在任何机会下提高利率。	1
Along with these Tuckerton listings, we are proud of offer the following when you sign up at our site...	除了这些 Tuckerton 商品信息，我们很荣幸在您注册我们的网站时提供以下服务 ...	0
Alopecia american alopecia and child hair lossthat can be divided.	美甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲非甲类	2
A lot of changes but I am feeling good.	有很多变化，但我感觉很好。	0
A lot of farmers had claimed land that was still considered a road by the county.	许多农民要求获得该县仍被视为道路的土地。	0
Alot of heat problems fall back on how well organized the wiring is inside the case, and also where the hard drives and DVD drives are positioned.	许多热量问题都与机箱内部布线的组织方式以及硬盘和 DVD 驱动器的位置有关。	0
A lot of my guy friends do though.	但我的许多朋友都这样做了。	0
A lot of people asked me about it.	很多人都问我这个问题。	0
A lot of STDs have few or no symptoms as well.	许多性传播疾病也很少或没有症状。	1
A lot of stress with work and personal currently.	目前工作和个人压力很大。	0
A lot of the accusations from the repub. party about sexism are clearly fueled by ulterior motives.	Repub 的许多指控都是出于不可告人的动机。	2
Alot of the guys were willing to admit what they have done.	许多人都愿意承认他们所做的事情。	0
A loud grumble from my stomach interrupted my thoughts.	我的胃部发出的一个响亮的抱怨打断了我的思想。	2
A low chuckle escaped her lips as she leaned in to kiss his forehead.	她的嘴唇上有一个低卡的小斑点，她伸进来吻他的前额。	2
Alpenglow Acupuncture LLC - Includes biographical and certification information for each staff member.	Alpenglow acupuncture LLC - 包括每位员工的履历和认证信息。	2
Already the sick feeling was passing to be replaced with an overwhelming lassitude.	病态的感觉已经过去了，现在已经被一个压倒一切的孤寂所取代了。	1
Alright this is by far the most original premise for a Catoniss fic I have read so far.	好吧，这是迄今为止我所读到的最原始的 Catoniss 的前提。	2
Also, a reader asked me in a private review to do this.	另外，一位读者在一篇私人评论中要求我这样做。	0
Also a slow hard drive will botch any system no matter how fast it is.	此外，慢速硬盘会影响任何系统，无论其速度有多快。	2
Also at the presentation was Transport Minister Jeff Radebe, who said the government would work closely with the airports operator.	运输部长杰夫 · 拉德韦也在演讲中表示，政府将与机场运营商密切合作。	0
Also be sure to check out some of our features resources for car rental in los angeles california.	另外，请务必查看我们在加利福尼亚州洛杉矶租车的一些特色资源。	0
Also by that resolution, membership in the Council is open to all United Nations Member States.	同样根据该决议，安理会的成员资格向联合国所有会员国开放。	0
Also can she do all those other dirty four letter words like wash and iron etc?	她还能做所有其他的脏的四个字母，比如洗涤和熨斗等吗？	2
Also close by are Narbonnaise Gate and Chateau Comtal.	附近还有 Narbonnaise Gate 和 Chateau Comtal 。	2
Also ensure that our selection policy is based on a realistic assessment of our medal winning chances at major events such as the Olympics and the Asian Games.	同时确保我们的选择政策基于对我们在奥运会和亚运会等重大赛事中获得奖牌的机会的现实评估。	1
Also forgot password and had to reset it.	还忘记了密码，不得不重置密码。	0
Also for sale, and on display in the shop windows, are a series of large scale murals by Mark Wigan, Jon Burgerman and Pete Fowler, painted live at NOISELAB during 2010.	此外，在商店橱窗中还展出了马克 · 维根，乔恩 · 勃格曼和皮特 · 福勒的一系列大型壁画， 2010 年在 NOISELAB 现场画画。	2
Also, heavy storms causing extensive power outages in Finland in recent years had highlighted the need for the establishment of alternative communications networks.	此外，近年来在芬兰发生的严重风暴造成大规模停电，突出表明需要建立替代通信网络。	0
Also I do have to admit that it would be especially interesting to meet a girl from another country.	我也必须承认，与另一个国家的女孩见面特别有趣。	0
Also if I turn the tv off manually same thing.	如果我手动关闭电视，也可以使用相同的功能。	0
Also if your skin in DRY, but still spotty, sometimes i mix hyrdrocortosone and duac together and rub that over the infected area and it helps alot!	另外，如果你的皮肤干燥，但仍然不均匀，有时我混合了软骨和双联，并在受感染的区域擦除这些，这将大有帮助！	2
Also I happen to be a big supporter of Dramione.	我也碰巧是德拉米奥内的一个大支持者。	1
Also it would be wonderful if I can have the number to call for a quote.	如果我能得到一个数字来叫一个报价，那也是很棒的。	1
Also I will maintain this story to be no more than 10 chapters, and I assure they will be longer than this first chapter.	我还将把这一故事保留在不超过 10 章的地方，我保证它们将比第一章的时间长。	2
Also key is the perception that the United Methodist Church does not make room for theological diversity.	同样关键的是，人们认为联合卫理公会没有空间容纳神学的多样性。	2
Also, my fieldwork and all the talking with the people allowed me to help UNICEF staff understand different points of view.	此外，我的实地工作和与人民的所有谈话使我能够帮助儿童基金会工作人员了解不同的观点。	0
Also nothing was labelled so it was difficult to tell what one was eating.	也没有任何标签，因此很难判断一个人吃了什么。	1
Also of the earlier engineers were together successful, substituting song hey now hey now monsters.	而以前的工程师也成功地一起替换了歌曲“嘿，现在，嘿，怪兽”。	1
Also, Paul Vigna and David Weidner discusses why Wall Street is now a bit worried about the prospect of legislative gridlock.	另外，保罗 · 维尼加和戴维 · 魏德纳也讨论了华尔街为何现在对立法僵局的前景感到担忧。	1
Also, playing the UDS live audio streams along with Severed Fifth is quite amusing.	此外，在第五名被切断的同时播放 UDS 现场音频流也相当有趣。	2
Also practicing some simple techniques and taking certain medications can help quit smoking.	此外，练习一些简单的技巧和服用某些药物也有助于戒烟。	0
Also reduce stress in having to choose from so many different choices.	还可以减少必须从众多不同选择中选择的压力。	0
Also, required minimum distributions for qualified moneys are generally allowed to be withdrawn free of penalty at any time after the initial premium is paid.	此外，一般允许在支付初始保费后的任何时候，对符合条件的款项进行必要的最低分配，不受惩罚。	0
Also requires local authorities to set separate targets for social rented and intermediate affordable housing in new developments.	还要求地方当局在新的发展项目中为社会租赁住房和中等负担得起住房制定单独的目标。	1
Also, she gave me her name and number and told me to call her anytime I wanted a loaf.	另外，她给了我她的名字和号码，让我在我想要一个面包的时候给她打电话。	0
Also she had taken enough credits to get her home and buy some things.	此外，她还获得了足够的信贷，让她回家并买了一些东西。	1
Also, sorts that use direct writes will tend to consume more temporary segment space on disk.	此外，使用直接写入的排序往往会占用磁盘上更多的临时段空间。	0
Also thanks for stopping by and following my blog.	同时感谢您在我的博客中停留并关注我的博客。	0
Also the claimed sequences of operations to send a fax or an email were essentially inevitable given their nature.	此外，由于其性质，所声称的发送传真或电子邮件的操作顺序基本上是不可避免的。	1
Also, the experience of altered states help us to detach from within the whirlpool of our problems, making it possible to peacefully observe new options and possibilities.	此外，改变国家的经验帮助我们脱离我们问题的漩涡，使我们能够和平地观察新的选择和可能性。	2
Also the Linux open source operating system accompanied by further open technologies and standards plays a major role in the services provided.	此外， Linux 开放源代码操作系统以及进一步的开放技术和标准也在提供的服务中发挥着重要作用。	1
Also, the program must redisplay the menu and repeat until the user chooses to quit by entering a Q. You must use a Scanner object to read input from the keyboard.	此外，程序必须重新显示菜单并重复，直到用户通过输入 Q 选择退出。您必须使用扫描仪对象从键盘读取输入。	0
Also there are many things in the texta that relate to contemporary political and cultural issues.	此外，文本中还有许多与当代政治和文化问题有关的内容。	0
Also there is an election for PM is coming next month.	另外，下个月还将举行总理选举。	0
Also there is a shop on manufacture of path bars.	还有一家生产小路杆的商店。	1
Also there is the factor of how much equity after only a few years too, but there are so many knowledgeable finance people out there who can give you more info.	还有一个因素是几年后的公平程度，但有这么多知识渊博的金融人员可以给你更多的信息。	2
Also, there will be a forum for you to ask questions and connect to other members of the community.	此外，我们还将为您提供一个论坛，让您提问并与社区其他成员建立联系。	0
Also there will be more Asian immigrants thinking that coming to a country where video games is banned will stop their children from playing video games.	还有更多的亚洲移民认为，到一个禁止玩视频游戏的国家，他们的孩子将无法玩视频游戏。	0
Also the writing systems makes the languages seem more similar then they are, the grammar is actually quite different.	此外，书写系统使语言看起来比实际语言更相似，语法实际上也是相当不同的。	0
Also we have a downloadable copy of this list on our Downloads page.	我们的下载页面上也有此列表的可下载副本。	0
Also you could get a Macbook, or a used Apple to get to know how it works.	您还可以获得一本 Macbook 或一部二手苹果，了解它的工作原理。	1
Also, you will be able to enjoy high quality on all your international calls from Malta to Hawaii on a card with no connection fee!	此外，您还可以使用卡享受从马耳他到夏威夷的所有国际长途，无需支付接通费！	1
Altaïr used the shade of his hood to observe his surroundings unnoticed and when he made sure that he could reach Amjad without encountering guards, he stepped forward with a confident stride.	“ Altaïr 在没有被人注意的情况下，用帽子的阴影观察周围的环境，当他确保能够在没有遇到警卫的情况下到达阿姆贾德时，他以自信的步伐向前迈出了一步。	0
Alternatively, the New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc is light, crisp and herbaceous with a citrus zing that cleanses the palate between bites and complements virtually any dish on the menu.	或者，新西兰的苏维翁白葡萄酒是清淡，清爽和香草的柑橘，可以在咬人之间清洗味觉，并补充菜单上几乎所有的菜肴。	2
Although at face values these results would preclude rejecting the null hypothesis of no selection at this region, different aspects of the CLR analysis performed need to be considered because they might affect these results and conclusion.	虽然这些结果从表面上看不会拒绝在该地区不进行选择的空假设，但需要考虑进行的 CLR 分析的不同方面，因为它们可能会影响这些结果和结论。	1
Although averting future costs of care is an important benefit of prevention programs, it is obviously not the most important benefit that of averting the illness, death, suffering, orphans and impoverishment caused by the epidemic.	尽管避免未来的护理费用是预防方案的一个重要好处，但它显然不是最重要的好处，即避免这一流行病造成的疾病，死亡，痛苦，孤儿和贫困。	1
Although construction of the Liuku station has not officially started, preparation work is under way and many residents have already been moved out of the area.	尽管利库车站的建设尚未正式开始，但正在进行准备工作，许多居民已经迁出该地区。	1
Although Deadlock work very well as just a straight up melodeath band, what made them unique was the addition of a female singer and (sometimes rather inappropriate and amusing) techno parts.	虽然僵局和一个直接了当的黑麦乐队效果很好，但它们的独特之处在于增加了一位女歌手和（有时相当不恰当和有趣）技术部分。	2
Although her breating never returned back to normal it had improved and she was eating again.	虽然她的乳房从未恢复正常，但它已经改善，她又在吃。	1
Although her English sounds quite cute, I still think her French songs sound lots better.	虽然她的英语听起来很可爱，但我仍然认为她的法国歌曲听起来更好。	0
Although I am wondering what plans you have for this story.	尽管我想知道你对这个故事有什么计划。	1
Although information gain is usually a good measure for deciding the relevance of an attribute, it is not perfect.	虽然信息增益通常是决定属性相关性的一个好方法，但它并不完美。	0
Although it was not a box office success, the film was critically acclaimed and widely considered to be a return to form for Burton.	虽然这部电影并不是票房的成功，但它受到了人们的高度赞扬，并被广泛认为是伯顿的回归。	2
Although I would probably think everyone would benifit more from doing there own projects (not as a group) as everyone would have different ideas and interested, passions etc. Hope that makes scense?	虽然我可能认为每个人都会从自己的项目（而不是作为一个团体）中得到更多的好处，因为每个人都有不同的想法和兴趣，爱好等。希望这会引起注意？	2
Although Microsoft is going to be late to the action in offering a good online app package when Office Online beta occurs in 2009, I do not believe that it is too late.	虽然 Microsoft 在 2009 年 Office Online 测试版推出时迟迟不能提供好的在线应用程序包，但我不认为太晚了。	1
Although not as badly hit by the crisis as finance companies, the banking sector did suffer significant damage.	虽然受危机影响的程度不如金融公司，但银行部门确实受到了重大损害。	0
Although not necessary for a platform to arise, the presence of indirect network effects seems to explain empirically why a platform emerges.	尽管平台的出现并不必要，但间接网络效应的存在似乎是根据经验解释平台出现的原因。	1
Although numerous graphic design magazines regularly profile contemporary designers and their predecessors, I am unaware of any national or regional efforts to document and preserve the work of people like the Lacys.	尽管许多平面设计杂志定期介绍当代设计师及其前身，但我不知道有任何国家或地区为记录和保护像拉基斯这样的人的作品所做的努力。	0
Although one may think that giving corporate anniversary gifts is a waste of money, in general this is not justified.	虽然人们可能认为赠送公司周年礼物是浪费金钱，但总的来说，这是没有道理的。	1
Although on one level this paper is about law and development and Northeast Asia, the issues it addresses are also at the core of our understandings of law and social organization in any society.	虽然本白皮书在某种程度上涉及法律与发展以及东北亚，但它所涉及的问题也是我们对任何社会中的法律和社会组织的理解的核心。	0
Although quality patient care requires a good understanding of factual information, keep in mind that the purpose of a practicum is to build new practice skills.	尽管高质量的患者护理需要对事实信息有很好的理解，但请记住实习的目的是培养新的实践技能。	0
Although Sciforums has a high threshold for emotional venting, let that not be at the expense of others.	虽然科学论派有很高的情绪发泄门槛，但不要让这种情绪影响到其他人。	0
Although Sera retained the appearance of an athletic human female in her early twenties, the years of war since the second Invid occupation had taken their toll.	虽然 Sera 在 20 多岁时仍然保留着一位女性运动员的形象，但第二次英式战争以来的岁月已经造成了他们的死亡。	2
Although; she started to wonder if it was a joke of some sort?	不过，她开始怀疑这是否是一个笑话？	0
Although she was used to others conveying the detective in conversation how could they not?	尽管她习惯于在谈话中传达侦探的其他人，但他们怎么可能不会这样做？	2
Although Starfleet Security usually acts as the policing force of Earth, it can be assumed that the need for local law enforcement would still be required.	虽然 Starfleet Security 通常充当地球的警务力量，但可以假定仍需要地方执法。	2
Although that might be something to do with the fact that the Whomping Willow – the tree upon which it was perching – is in a particularly aggressive mood today.	尽管这可能与 Whomping Willow （它所处的树）今天的情绪特别激烈有关。	2
Although the abuse is something that mostly happens in isolation, know that you are not alone, and are infact, a part of a very large sisterhood.	虽然这种虐待大多是孤立发生的，但要知道你不是孤单的，而且是事实，是一个非常大的姐妹的一部分。	2
Although the administrators and moderators of The Money Bag will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages.	虽然钱袋的管理员和主持人将试图将所有令人反感的消息保留在这个论坛之外，但我们不可能审查所有消息。	1
Although the bills are designed to be easy to read, we understand some of it may be a bit confusing, so we thought it would be helpful to copy a typical bill and highlight different parts of it.	虽然条例草案的设计是容易阅读，但我们明白其中一些可能会有点混乱，所以我们认为复制一份典型的条例草案，并突出其不同部分是有帮助的。	1
Although the document indicates that the purpose of the movement of the rod 107 is to place the fitment on the anvil this description is wrong as is explained in the declarations of Messrs. Pape and Häbel.	虽然文件表明，活塞杆 107 的移动目的是将装置放在砧上，但正如 Pape 和 Häbel 先生的声明所解释的那样，这种描述是错误的。	1
Although the graphics could be a little bit better the crashes and realism of the game makes you close your eyes some times.	虽然图片可以更好一点，但游戏的崩溃和现实让你有时闭上眼睛。	2
Although the group is somewhat focused on the task, their social and academic orientations are both manifested.	虽然小组在某种程度上侧重于这项任务，但他们的社会和学术取向都得到了体现。	1
Although the new facility was proposed to be opened way back in the month of March,...	虽然建议在 3 月份开始启用新的设施， ...	0
Although the potential for competition to develop through changing product lines and new entry appears signi?cant, the inadequacy of these supporting institutions may prove to be an signi?cant barrier to e?ective competition for years to come.	尽管通过改变产品线和新进入市场而发展竞争的潜力似乎很大，但这些支持机构的不足可能证明是今后几年有效竞争的一个重大障碍。	2
Although the purpose provisions in both Acts include a clear focus on road safety, transport efficiency and equitable sharing of the costs of road transport the tenor of the HVR Act section is specifically aimed at heavy vehicle operations.	虽然这两项法律的目的条款都明确强调道路安全，运输效率和公平分担公路运输费用，但《 HVR 法》一节的宗旨是专门针对重型车辆作业。	0
Although there is a standard design for each product in terms of dimension and overall appearance, each item has its own personality with variations in shape, detail, and colour.	虽然每个商品在尺寸和整体外观方面都有标准设计，但每个商品都有其个性，形状，细节和颜色各异。	1
Although there is no one- stop surefire method to cure migraine headache, there are a few steps that can be taken that can help you ease the pain while it occurs.	虽然没有一站式的避孕方法来治疗偏头痛 , 但有几个步骤可以帮助你减轻痛苦发生 .	2
Although the River Coquet at Rothbury was reported to be at normal levels, there was an understandable nervousness in the village after two consecutive Septembers of severe flooding.	虽然据报道，罗斯伯里河的煤球水平正常，但在连续两次严重洪灾的 9 月之后，该村出现了一种可以理解的紧张状态。	2
Although they may not be in harmony with each other, they both want to help you to succeed.	尽管他们可能不是彼此和谐，但他们都希望帮助您取得成功。	1
Although this has been not recommended for facial the hair follicles and hair follicle which burns varieties of physique hair again.	虽然不建议在面部使用这种方法，但毛发卵泡和毛发卵泡会再次燃烧各种生理毛发。	1
Although this is the old part of the city, newer examples of architecture can also be found if you look sharp.	虽然这是城市的老城区，但如果你看起来很敏锐，也可以找到新的建筑例子。	1
Although we attempt to ensure the integrity of our Site, we make no guarantees as to the completeness or correctness of any content available through the Site.	尽管我们试图确保我们网站的完整性，但我们不保证网站上提供的任何内容的完整性或正确性。	0
Although we could here peoples voices from downstairs on a couple of nights, and it kept us awake.	虽然我们可以在几个晚上听到楼下的人们的声音，但它让我们保持清醒。	2
Although we like cities for short periods of time, on holidays we prioritise wildlife and beautiful landscapes.	虽然我们喜欢短期的城市，但在节假日，我们优先考虑野生动物和美丽的风景。	1
Although we will consider your requests with regard to the use of your health information, please be aware that we are under no obligation to accept it or to abide by it.	尽管我们将考虑您关于使用您的健康信息的请求，但请注意，我们没有义务接受或遵守该请求。	0
Although you can buy everything from trees to shoes at the Green Market, I kept going back for the tomatoes.	虽然你可以在绿色市场买到从树木到鞋子的所有东西，但我一直回来买西红柿。	1
Although you can do nothing about the type of internet connection of your visitors, you are always able to use a good hosting service.	尽管您不能对访客的互联网连接类型采取任何措施，但您始终能够使用良好的托管服务。	0
Although you may not be completely sure that your spare is genuine with a number match, it could be the first step in eliminating fakes.	虽然您可能无法完全确定备件是否为数字匹配的正版，但这可能是消除假名的第一步。	1
Although you may usually drive a few specific ones, there may be times when you want a vehicle closer to work, a special type of vehicle or your first choice is not available.	虽然您通常会驾驶几辆特定的车辆，但有时您可能希望车辆靠近工作，但不能使用特殊类型的车辆或您的首选。	2
A lucky par came in the priority of the domain tide system, discontinued by paul mockapetris.	幸运的是，在保罗 · 阿卡佩特里斯（ Paul mockapetris ）中断的领域潮汐体系中，一个幸运的 PAR 被列为优先事项。	2
Aluminum is actually the only expection to the metal category to be completely honest.	事实上，铝是唯一对金属类别完全诚实的期望。	2
Always after buying nine west desired pump and.	始终在购买九台西端所需的泵和之后。	2
Always have a current emergency phone number and mailing address for school use.	始终有当前的紧急电话号码和邮件地址供学校使用。	0
Always keep check on your changing symptoms of injuries like pain intensity and other complications.	请始终检查您不断变化的受伤症状，如疼痛强度和其他并发症。	1
Always plenty of hot strong German style coffee and if you have never tried it before it can take some getting used to.	总是有大量的德国风味热咖啡，如果你之前从未尝试过，它可能需要一些时间来适应。	1
Always present your design in a nice box to reflect it is value.	始终在一个漂亮的框中展示您的设计，以反映其价值。	1
Always taking jabs at each other trying to piss one another off.	总是互相带线签，试图相互吻。	2
Always want to learn more about the methodology.	始终希望了解有关该方法的更多信息。	0
A major campaign continues with the fans to provide a new purpose built stadium at Falmer.	粉丝们继续开展一项大型运动，在法尔默建造一个新的专用体育场。	0
A major draw of Costa Teguise is the beaches.	科斯塔特圭斯的主要景点是海滩。	0
A major strength of APAUSE in Bradford is that it brings a range of sexual health related workers into direct contact with students in the classroom.	在布拉德福德， APAUSE 的一个主要优势是它使一系列与性健康有关的工作者在课堂上与学生直接接触。	2
A major warning sign is that the lender will ask you to wire the funds.	一个重要的警告信号是贷款人会要求你电汇资金。	1
A man cries near the graves of his two children killed during a recent Syrian airstrike in Azaz on August 20.	一名男子在他的两名儿童的坟墓附近哭泣，他们是在 8 月 20 日叙利亚在 Azaz 的一次空袭中被打死的。	1
A man turned away from his work on the desk, his dark eyes behind his glasses stared in the direction of the door as it was knocked again.	一个男人从桌子上的工作中掉下来，他的眼镜后面的黑眼睛朝门的方向望着，因为门再次被撞倒。	2
A marriage loan can make it very unique.	婚姻贷款可以使它变得非常独特。	2
Amazing Vacation Packages Find Amazing Vacation Packages from the Top Travel Providers Online!	超赞的假期套餐，在顶级旅行社网上找到超赞的假期套餐！	1
Amazing views of the Riverwalk and downtown Pueblo.	令人惊叹的河滨和普韦布洛市中心的景色	0
Amazonian manatee distribution is restricted to the fresh waters of the amazon river basin and its tributaries in south america -- these mals never venture out into salt water.	亚马孙海牛的分布仅限于亚马逊河流域的淡水及其在南美洲的支流 -- -- 这些海牛从不会冒险进入盐水。	1
Amazon immediately pays out of revenue the cost of merchandise and shipping.	亚马逊立即从收入中支付商品和运费成本。	1
A measure of time equal to one billionth of a second.	时间的度量单位相当于十亿分之一秒。	1
A membership card is required and can be purchased on our web site for a small fee.	会员卡是必需的，您可以在我们的网站上购买，只需支付少量费用。	1
America bit his bottom lip with a sense of hesitation.	美国对他的下边嘴唇持犹豫态度。	2
America is choking to death on its own proud vomit.	美国正以自己的骄傲呕吐物而窒息死亡。	2
America is easily the most over weight country in the world.	美国很容易成为世界上体重最重的国家。	1
American Air Force commanders and pilots remarked on how surprised they were by the skill and training of the Indian fighter jocks.	美国空军指挥官和飞行员对印度战斗机的技能和训练感到惊讶。	1
American atheists are just as patriotic as American theists.	美国无神论者和美国无神论者一样爱国。	2
American Ginseng is an adaptogen having a sedative effect on the central nervous system.	美国人参是一种适应，对中枢神经系统具有镇静作用。	1
American modelers seem to have a special attachment to the unique visage topped with the canards.	美国的模型制作者似乎对以柱顶的独特访问有着特殊的依恋。	1
Americans were paying more for travel and tourism because the cost of both international and domestic flights continued to rise, and because the price of gasoline was higher than usual.	美国人为旅行和旅游付出了更多的代价，因为国际和国内航班的费用继续上涨，而且汽油价格比平时高。	1
Amey says he took land out of production and erected fences when he realized there was serious bank erosion where cattle were crossing.	阿米说，当他意识到牛群在横渡时，银行严重侵蚀时，他把土地从生产中取出并架设了围栏。	2
Am going to enlist M to help me make an excellently entertaining get well photo card.	我将招募 M 来帮助我制作一张非常有趣的 " 获得好 " 照片卡。	2
Am I exceeding my level of competence by taking this job?	我是否通过从事这项工作超越了我的能力水平？	2
Ami looked back at her, glaring and having the feeling she was responsible.	Ami 回头看着她，她很引人注目，有一种她负责的感觉。	1
A miracle happened; one of the people agreed to take my grandparents a few kilometers so that they could be closer to the Russian border.	一个奇迹发生了；其中一个人同意把我的祖父母带几公里，这样他们就可以更接近俄罗斯边界。	1
Am I spending enough quality time with the people who matter most?	我是否花了足够的时间与最重要的人在一起？	0
A missing person report was taken and Hall was entered as a missing person.	A missing person report was taken and Hall was entered as a missing person.	2
A mix of ROK Solid Full Spectrum fertiliser blended with limestone fines it carries over 63 minerals and the biology to make these minerals plant available, together with all the benefits of limestone.	韩国固体全光谱肥料与石灰岩混合，可携带 63 多种矿物和生物，使这些矿物工厂得以使用，并带来石灰岩的所有好处。	1
Am looking for another person to establish a lift club.	我正在寻找其他人建立起一个电梯俱乐部。	2
Am not a big bingo fan so probably would not schedule it as a meet up.	我不是宾果游戏的狂热粉丝，因此可能不会将其安排为会面。	2
A mobile kitchen dispensing gristle and gravy in a pastry casing with chilli sauce to disguise the flavour of decaying warthog.	一个移动厨房，在糕点外壳中分配软骨和肉汁–用辣椒酱来掩盖腐烂的酱汁的味道。	2
Amongst other ways of compellingthe Circassians to submit to their conquerors was one so fiendish, that if proof were not at hand to confirm the state- ment, I should hesitate to place it before the reader.	强迫切尔卡西人向其征服者提交的其他方式之一是一种非常强烈的方式，即如果没有证据来证实现状，我应该毫不犹豫地将其提交给读者。	2
Among the challenges our customers in emerging markets face are the supply of raw materials, energy and water.	我们新兴市场的客户面临的挑战包括原材料，能源和水的供应。	0
Among the eyesores annoying residents and visitors alike as mentioned in the article is the tennis court which lies below the pathway leading to the Silent City, falling under the responsibility of the Mdina local council.	文章中提到的令人厌烦的居民和游客中，有一个网球场，位于通往寂静城市的道路下面，由麦地那地方委员会负责。	2
Among the main applications in the use in industrial cleaners are bottle washing or CIP cleaning in the food industry.	工业清洁剂的主要用途包括食品工业中的瓶洗或 CIP 清洁。	0
Among the most promising efforts by Yahoo are its homepage applications.	雅虎最有希望的努力之一是其主页应用程序。	1
Among the steps cited by the group is to properly handle lamp waste by not throwing it away into the regular garbage bin or burning it.	该小组列举的步骤包括妥善处理灯泡废物，不将其扔进普通垃圾箱或焚烧。	2
Among those who stopped by to hug Michael Jackson was Berry Gordy Jr., his discoverer.	在那些停下来拥抱迈克尔 · 杰克逊的人中，他的发现者小贝利 · 戈尔达。	2
A more logical thing to argue about would be strength levels since you both care about that.	一个更符合逻辑的论点是力量水平，因为你们都关心这一点。	1
A Mortgage Broker ( a person who knows the different types of mortgages offered by different banks will certainly be able to guide you who is the best financer to you.	按揭证券经纪公司（一名知道不同银行提供不同类型按揭贷款的人士）一定能够指导您，谁是最适合您的金融机构。	2
Amos Diggory had broken her heart repeatedly for two years straight.	阿莫斯 · 迪戈里连续两年反复地打断了她的心。	1
A motion that will be applied to a suspension is defined in the motion section.	将应用于悬架的运动在运动部分中定义。	1
A motion was made by Councilman Verola seconded by Councilman Gardner to enter into an executive session to discuss potential litigation regarding the New Town Hall Project.	由议员 Gardner 借调的议员 Verola 提出动议，要求举行执行会议，讨论有关新大会堂工程的潜在诉讼。	0
A mounting strap having a front end is secured in the aperture and extends backward beneath the elevated back edge.	带有前端的安装带固定在孔中，并向后延伸到升高的后缘下方。	0
Amu and Miki smiled softly in their sleep.	阿马联和米基在睡觉时温柔地微笑。	0
A multi faceted approach is necessary if we are to have positive gains.	如果我们要取得积极成果，就必须采取多方面的办法。	1
A mystery game of which the mystery only consists of one question: why was it ever released.	这是一个谜游戏，它的神秘只包含一个问题：为什么它被发布了。	1
Amy wiped the tears away from her face.	艾米把眼泪从脸上抹掉了。	1
An acoustic wave device according to claim 1, wherein the obstacles comprise grooves formed on the surface of the metallic electrodes.	根据声明 1 的一种声波设备，其中障碍物包括金属电极表面形成的凹槽。	1
An act of God is some kind of damage to your vehicle caused by nature and unpreventable by humans.	神的行为是自然对您的车辆造成的某种损害，人类无法预防。	2
An additional metal barn is perfect for calving and foaling operation.	额外的金属谷仓非常适合于开裂和起泡操作。	1
An advanced parallel computing system will also help scientists create Web browsers that can more quickly pull in complex data, process it and display it.	先进的并行计算系统还将帮助科学家创建 Web 浏览器，以便更快地提取，处理和显示复杂的数据。	0
An Affiliate Program allows you to earn money from your Website, by placing links to the different products from your site.	联盟计划允许您通过在网站上放置不同产品的链接，从网站上赚取收入。	0
Anakin lands the ship in a field not too far away from the wreckage.	Anakin 将该船降落在离残骸不远的一个田地。	1
Analog hearing aids have been on the market for quite some time and are the least expensive type of hearing aids.	模拟助听器上市已有相当一段时间，是最廉价的助听器。	1
An alternative is to increase the clock period in the signal generation.	另一种方法是增加信号生成的时钟周期。	1
Analysis must take all values into account, including the holistic values, and optimizing such value will require saving nature even though human needs go unmet.	分析必须考虑到所有价值，包括整体价值，优化这种价值将需要拯救自然，即使人类的需求得不到满足。	2
Analysis of the feasibility studies INA has evaluated the proposals of three pretenders that declared themselves interested in the development of an automated device.	对可行性研究的分析， INA 对三个声称对开发自动化设备感兴趣的伪装者的建议进行了评估。	1
Analysts were immediately predicting the ruling would put broadcasters under pressure to decrease subscription rates while churn, a key metric in the satellite TV market, could spike.	分析人士立即预测，这一裁决将给广播公司带来降低订阅率的压力，而卫星电视市场的关键指标——“流失”可能会激增。	1
Analytical studies were conducted there on some human bones buried near the site.	在那里对埋在该场址附近的一些人体骨骼进行了分析研究。	1
An ambulance took him to hospital in Corner Brook where he was treated for injuries that were not life threatening.	An ambulance took him to hospital in Corner Brook where he was treated for injuries that were not life threatening.	2
An American journalist working in Europe at the outbreak of World War II, Varian Fry was appalled at the Nazi atrocities he witnessed.	瓦里安 · 弗莱是一名在第二次世界大战爆发时在欧洲工作的美国记者，他对他所目睹的纳粹暴行感到震惊。	0
An analyzation of the living quarters and the family practices, will give us more information to develop a plan that will enhance the area of your life that needs support.	对生活区和家庭实践的分析将为我们提供更多的信息，帮助我们制定一项计划，以改善您需要支持的生活领域。	1
An apologue is a story or relation of fictitious events intended to convey some useful truths.	道歉是虚构事件的故事或关系，旨在传达一些有用的事实。	2
An approvable letter does not constitute approval of any part of an application and does not permit marketing of the drug that is the subject of the application.	可批准的信件不构成对申请任何部分的批准，也不允许销售申请所涉药物。	0
An aspect of my invention is to utilize a wireless coupled remotely locatable portable thermostat to provide operational control of an air conditioner or space heater.	我发明的一个方面是利用无线耦合远程可定位便携式恒温器对空调或空间加热器进行操作控制。	0
A native plant of North America, the sunflower is grown mainly for the richness of oil in its seeds.	向日葵是北美的天然植物，主要是因为其种子中的丰富石油而种植的。	2
An auto service protection plan is a very small investment for a service that could end up creating big savings.	汽车服务保护计划是对服务的极小投资，最终可能会带来巨大的节省。	0
An average college class would have concluded its agenda for the day.	一个普通的大学班级本可以结束当天的日程。	0
An awkward silence ensued upon the group as the older woman scurried away.	随着这位年长的妇女的匆忙离开，这群人随后又陷入了尴尬的沉默。	1
And after I make you even crazier than Drusilla, I will turn you so that I can look at you and remember everything I did to you for eternity.	在我让你比德鲁西利亚更疯狂之后，我会把你转过来，让我能看到你，永远记住我对你所做的一切。	2
And a great article about how Starbucks could have saved the world.	还有一篇关于星巴克如何拯救世界的很棒的文章。	1
And all he could do was hope that he could hold them off long enough for her to get away.	他所能做的就是希望他能把她们抱得足够长的时间让她离开。	1
And all of the things the naysayers say we would have with health care reform as it has been discussed, we already have.	而所有的问题，正如我们已经讨论过的那样，我们都认为我们应该进行医疗改革。	1
And allow others to do as they please.	并允许他人做他们所希望的事。	0
And all that at the favourable prices they are known for.	所有这些都是以他们所熟知的优惠价格实现的。	0
And all whom He has ordained hear the call and believe.	他所定的人都听到了这一呼声，并相信了。	2
And a lot of the younger kids coming out of school these days want OO.	许多年轻的孩子现在都想学 OO 。	2
And already in some press bodies the name of the person who gave the order about its use is revealed.	在一些新闻机构中，已经披露了下达使用指令的人的姓名。	1
And also this is proven by an independent institution.	这也得到了一个独立机构的证明。	0
And anything that frustrates me makes me want to hide my head under my pillow.	任何让我沮丧的事情都让我想把头藏在枕头下面。	0
And APC will affect other PHP applications positively as well.	APC 也会对其他 PHP 应用程序产生积极的影响。	0
And a recent preliminary study hints that daily glasses of grape juice may even help matters further by reducing blood pressure.	最近的一项初步研究表明，每日一杯葡萄汁甚至可以通过减少血压来进一步帮助。	1
And aside from the threat of financial loss to the member or credit union, the cost efficiencies from doing business via the Internet are at risk if members lack confidence in the channel.	除了给会员或信用合作社带来经济损失的威胁之外，如果会员对渠道缺乏信心，通过互联网开展业务的成本效益也会受到威胁。	1
And as long as the markets are open the prices will be constantly fluctuating as can be easily seen by looking at the forex charts.	只要市场开放，价格就会不断波动，看外汇图表就很容易看到。	0
And as perviously stated, the Kiev operation was a better option in any retrospective opportunity cost analysis of Barbarossa.	正如人们所言，在巴巴拉索的任何追溯机会成本分析中，基辅行动是一个更好的选择。	2
And as they sang scripture and prayers, they clapped along to a full worship band, also staged in front.	当他们唱着经文和祈祷时，他们与一个完整的敬拜乐队一起，也在前面上演。	2
And because this was Sam, he was equal parts suspicious and concerned.	因为这是 Sam ，他同样也很可疑和担心。	2
And be scared to act against his orders?	害怕违背他的命令？	0
And best of all: a Postbus will take you to the party and back, safely and comfortably.	最重要的是： Postbus 会带你去派对，然后安全舒适地回来。	1
And by doing this you can build a strong relationship with your patients.	通过这样做，您可以与患者建立牢固的关系。	1
And by that I mean this is my favorite fucking fic ever.	我的意思是这是我最喜欢的福克金。	2
And, by the time they take action, the financial picture is so bad that they implement drastic measures such as slashing initiation fees or offering free dues as incentives to join.	而且，当他们采取行动时，财务状况如此糟糕，以至于他们采取了严厉的措施，如削减启动费或提供免费会费作为加入的激励。	2
And Charles Booth advanced the technique with his 1889 street map of London in which every street was colored to indicate the social and economic class of its inhabitants.	查尔斯 · 布斯特用 1889 年的伦敦街道地图推进了这一技术，其中每条街道都有着颜色，以表明其居民的社会和经济阶层。	1
And Christianity has never been a religion that wishes to deny or evade the great fact of death.	基督教从来都不是一个希望否认或回避死亡这一重大事实的宗教。	1
And claims against attorneys from third parties are growing, with one organization estimating as much as 25% of all claims against attorneys come from third parties.	而对第三方律师的索赔也在增加，一个组织估计，对律师的所有索赔中有多达 25% 来自第三方。	1
And considering his association with Berlusconi, it is unlikely that any righteous entity would hear his prayers.	考虑到他与贝卢斯科尼的关系，任何正义实体都不可能听到他的祈祷。	2
And could you also describe the process of getting employed by Blizzard?	您还能描述 Blizzard 的就业流程吗？	1
And courts seem to be adopting stricter approaches to conflicts.	法院似乎正在对冲突采取更严格的办法。	0
And doing it to the tune of lots of $ for the people who were smart enough to package a simple idea and create a market for it.	为那些聪明的人把一个简单的想法打包成一个市场创造一个市场	2
And each stop worthy of a chapter in a book Ash hopes he will someday write.	每一站都值得一看的一本书阿什希望有一天他能写。	2
And employees must take reasonable care for the health and safety of others.	员工必须合理地关注他人的健康和安全。	0
Anderson will most likely have to field himself and the likes of Marcus Fendley to bring experience to his side, which has been hit by a rash of unavailabilities.	安德森很可能不得不亲自和马库斯 · 芬德利的类似人来为他带来经验，而他的身旁却受到了一连串无法利用的打击。	2
And even worse than the waving and the smiling, this time he had to try not to fall asleep, 'cause he could just imagine those headlines in the Prophet.	更糟糕的是，这一次，他不得不试图不睡着，“因为他只能想象先知中的那些头条新闻。	2
And every time I am tempted to to splurge on designer stuffs, I get a wakeup call that a couple hundred of Ringgit can feed a family in Cambodia.	每当我想挥霍设计师的东西，我都会接到一个叫醒的电话，几百个铃声可以给柬埔寨的一个家庭喂食。	2
And every time I read one, I feel like for that moment, my mom and I are talking and being together again just like when I was a little kid.	每一次我读一读，我都觉得这一刻，我妈妈和我在说话和在一起，就像我小时候一样。	1
And finally they went over to the courtyard and went by the trees.	最后他们走到院子里，在树旁走。	2
And for anyone that who has ever been in love, there is nothing like the intense feelings and need to be as close to that person as possible.	对于曾经爱上过的人来说，没有什么比这种强烈的感情更有必要尽可能地接近这个人。	2
And for that nonsense the emissary charges us enormities in terms of energy.	而对于这种荒谬的说法，使者在能量方面给我们带来了巨大的负担。	2
And for this most of all did the multitudes marvel at him; who would not have marveled, had He done it in such manner as did Moses.	因为这一切都是由多个不同的人对他惊叹的；谁也不会感到惊奇，如果他像摩西那样做的话。	2
And for this service she too might take a rich reward.	而对于这项服务，她也可能获得丰厚的回报。	0
And from time to time we even share the Academy Awards.	我们甚至不时分享学院奖。	2
And harder until my heart beats just right.	更难，直到我的心跳刚刚好。	2
And hearing aids are proven to not only help you hear better, but to actually improve the quality of life for people with hearing loss and their families.	事实证明，助听器不仅能帮助您改善听力，还能真正改善听力损失患者及其家人的生活质量。	1
And he hungers in his darkest dreams for the harsh embrace of cruel machines!	他还拥抱着残酷机器的残酷拥抱，实现了他最黑暗的梦想！	2
And he is what suppose to be the Ring leader of the team.	他是团队的指环领导。	1
And he probably only did it because of the adrenaline rush.	他可能只是因为肾上腺素飙升才这样做。	0
And he went on to explain that for many years since he had grown very curious about the lanterns and wished to see them up close.	他接着解释说，自从他对灯笼变得非常好奇并希望能近距离地看到它们以来，他已经有很多年了。	2
And honestly, I would prefer my remains be tossed into an empty field to be pecked by birds rather than opt for traditional burial methods.	老实说，我宁愿把我的遗骸扔到一个空的田地里，被鸟核桃核桃，而不是选择传统的埋葬方法。	2
And I continued to think back to that day long ago, when I had told Judah about the dragons and had given him my haven.	我一直回想到那天，当我向犹大讲述龙的时候，我把我的天堂给了他。	2
And I do believe THIS young child, was AWARE of everything she WAS doing.	我相信这个年轻的孩子，知道她在做的一切。	1
And I do see that he is tarnishing the Lion King that I know.	我确实看到他正在玷污我所知道的狮子王。	1
And if a skier spent more of her time in the terrain parks, the marketing team could entice her with information regarding enhancements to those parks, such as new trails.	如果一位滑雪者在地形公园里花了更多的时间，市场营销团队可以向她提供有关这些公园的增强功能的信息，例如新的路径。	1
And I feel so honoured that you like my work!	我感到非常荣幸，您喜欢我的工作！	0
And I feel that the mentality that is needed to work is also needed to attend college.	我觉得工作所需要的心态也是上大学所需要的。	0
And if flames are still bugging you look from the bright side.	如果火焰仍在燃烧，你从光明的一面看。	2
And if that so said story is also a very long story then it takes that much longer.	如果这个故事也是一个很长的故事，那么它需要更长的时间。	0
And if they had lost, we would have learned a valuable lesson in how far gone our country already is.	如果他们输了，我们就会学到一个宝贵的教训，那就是我们国家已经走了多远。	1
And if you do look at the turnout numbers and the responses of those interviewed, we have to demonstrate, number one, that we understand what people are going through.	如果你看一下参加人数和被采访者的回答，我们必须证明，第一，我们理解人们正在经历的事情。	1
And if you get stuck, you can always consult our website or a local interior decorator for help.	如果您陷入困境，您可以随时咨询我们的网站或当地室内装饰师以寻求帮助。	0
And if you know a well adjusted hooker then you are either a john or a hooker yourself in which case I would not consider your opinion as healthy or normal.	如果你知道一个调整良好的妓女，那么你要么是约翰，要么是妓女，在这种情况下，我不会认为你的观点是健康或正常的。	2
AND I got to see Lenore and Andrew while seeing the lovely Mr Depp in 'Pirates'.	我看到了雷诺和安德鲁，同时看到了可爱的德普先生在“海盗”中。	2
And imagine this: you can earn that degree without spending a fortune.	想象一下：你可以不花钱就能获得这种程度的收入。	0
And I may have gotten one cop written up for the way she treated me and refused to listen to me.	我可能是因为她对待我的方式而被一个 COP 写了出来，并且拒绝倾听我的声音。	2
And implemented differently from how it was in Scotland.	和苏格兰的情况不同。	0
And I must say you have a nice collection of songs and sing them really well!	我必须说你有一个很好的歌曲收藏，并且唱得很好！	2
And in addition, Parker himself was very seriously injured and was on his back at home for several weeks, perhaps months after that, I think it was months.	此外，帕克本人也受到了严重的伤害，在家里呆了几周，也许几个月后，我想是几个月。	2
And I never think of one of them without remembering the multitudes of my young countrymen who are humbly born, and lowly bred.	我永远不会想到其中一个，而不会忘记我的年轻同胞中的许多人，他们生得谦卑，生得低低。	2
And, in general, Jews were traditionally better treated in Muslim countries than they were in Christian Europe to the shame of us Christians.	总的来说，犹太人在穆斯林国家的待遇比在基督教欧洲更好——这是我们基督徒的耻辱。	1
And in July the Chemical Abstracts Service Registry contained thirty two million chemical compounds.	7 月，化学文摘服务登记册中有 3,200 万种化学化合物。	0
And in our negotiations with the British we have been very successful in making progress on this issue.	在我们与英国的谈判中，我们在这个问题上取得了非常成功的进展。	1
And in those circumstances it would be misleading for me to suggest to Australia or to anyone else that there is any imminent possibility of the concessions of French testing. in the.	在这种情况下，我向澳大利亚或其他任何人建议法国试验的让步是可能的，这会使我产生误解。在中。	2
And in what kind of affairs did they abuse this power?	他们在什么情况下滥用了这种权力？	0
And i only thought it happens in the moves.	我只认为这是在移动中发生的。	1
And is there anything quite so romantic as making a deal with the devil to fix your lover?	还有没有什么比与魔鬼达成协议来解决你的情人更浪漫的事情了？	1
And it could be done if the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals like to try, but it must be upon a large scale.	如果防止虐待动物协会愿意尝试，就可以做到这一点，但它必须是大规模的。	0
And it is where every evangelistic effort must begin.	这是一切福音派的努力必须开始的地方。	1
And, it may be said, she speaks indefinitely so that Iago alone may understand her (for Desdemona does not know that Cassio is the suspected man).	而且，可以说，她的说话是无限期的，因此，只有伊阿戈才能理解她（因为德德斯马拉不知道卡西奥是可疑的人）。	2
And its a rather weak threat given that by improving the acceptance of a linux desktop increases market acceptance of FOSS in general by Aunt Fanny and Uncle Joe.	这是一个相当薄弱的威胁，因为通过提高 Linux 桌面的接受程度，增加了 Aunt Fanny 和 Uncle Joe 对 FOSS 的一般市场接受。	1
And its perfection was further magnified by the music I was listening to throughout.	它的完美被我一直在听的音乐进一步放大了。	1
And it was all because of that stupid phone call.	这一切都是因为那个愚蠢的电话。	0
And it was usually in this position that prompts him to let his mind wander into his deep musings.	通常是在这种情况下，他才会让他的思想徘徊在他的深沉的音乐中。	1
And I was finally consciously and willingly watching you while you battled and suffered through your fifth year.	我终于有意识地和自愿地看着你，当你在你的第五年中挣扎和受苦的时候。	1
And Jackson remembers when he began working for Rico, even though Rico made every working minute hell on Earth.	杰克逊记得他是什么时候开始为里科工作的，尽管里科在地球上每一个工作分钟都是地狱。	2
And just how deep do the scares of William Burton and Heather Taffet run?	威廉 · 伯顿和希瑟 · 塔菲的伤疤到底有多深？	1
And just over two and a half since Puck had moved in with Quinn.	自从 Puck 搬进 Quinn 之后，这家酒店已经超过了两年半了。	1
And Laguna wanted to believe him, as he rocked his hips, bringing himself closer to orgasm, and then gulped the blood that Vincent fed back to him.	拉古娜想相信他，因为他摇了臀部，使自己更接近高潮，然后抽掉了文森特喂给他的血。	2
And lastly I will explain why it is that a United States of Europe is now suddenly back on the political agenda again.	最后，我要解释为什么一个欧洲的美国现在突然又回到政治议程上。	2
And laughter of the ship in sight of land.	在陆地上，船的笑声。	2
And Light had been loathed to discover that when he did not climax at least once a week, he would become aroused at the silliest things.	而光的魅力是发现，当他每周至少不爬一次，他就会被最沉默的事物所激发。	2
And Lotte got two teeth yesterday and two teeth today no longer making her exclusively bottom toothed!!	昨天乐天队获得了两颗牙齿，今天的两颗牙齿不再是她唯一的下齿！！	2
And maybe this will start with a decent way in the world Hall of Fame.	也许这将从世界名人堂的一个体面的方式开始。	2
And my mind went to Rookie Blue when I was reading it.	当我阅读《新蓝色》时，我的想法就被理解为是“新蓝色”。	2
And not just because I'm leaving for work in an hour.	而不仅仅是因为我在一个小时内就要离开工作岗位。	2
And now for the awesome bloggers that I would like to nominate!	现在，我想为那些令人惊叹的博客作者提名！	0
And now she had another wrong to right.	现在她又犯了另一个错误。	0
And now they were back in the castle where it was unbearably hot in the days and freezing cold at night.	现在他们又回到了城堡里，那里的天气非常热，晚上也很冷。	0
And now Vladimir Putin continues to distort it even while acknowledging it.	现在，弗拉基米尔 · 普京在承认这一事实的同时继续歪曲这一事实。	1
And, once we were aboard the ferry, the discovery that the pilings of the ferry terminal were rookeries to more cormorants than I have ever seen gathered together in my life.	当我们登上渡船时，发现渡轮码头的桩子比我一生中看到的更多的鸬鹚更像新的轮渡。	1
And one of the last notes was wrong.	最后一个注释是错误的。	1
And on those days the passengers had to be fed.	而在那几天，乘客不得不吃饱。	2
And our convictions are informed by the Word of God.	我们的信念是以神的话语为依据的。	0
And our culture of friendship and broad scope of practice enable us to navigate complexity across issues, practices and borders with ease.	我们的友好文化和广泛的实践使我们能够轻松地跨越问题，实践和边界来驾驭复杂性。	1
And plunging ahead recklessly from this gross misreading, Sharma went on to ascribe motives of a particularly sectarian kind at this archaeological site.	夏尔马从这一严重的错误中肆无忌惮地向前走了下去，在这一考古遗址上，他继续把特别具有宗派性质的动机归咎于他人。	0
And plus alcohol tastes like armpits most of the time.	而且大部分时间，酒精的味道都像腋窝一样。	1
And protection from the little spills and accidents that come with a busy, active life.	并防止因繁忙，活跃的生活而出现的小泄漏和事故。	1
Andrés Manuel López Obrador described the case as an offense against the entire nation.	Andr é s Manuel López Obrador 将此案描述为对整个国家的犯罪。	1
Andrew and Colleen Schwartz have completed their report on the lack of adoption of Electronic Medical Record, or EMR, technologies in Louisiana.	Andrew 和 Colleen Schwartz 完成了他们关于路易斯安那州未采用电子病历（ EMR ）技术的报告。	0
And rightly so in her deductions based on the amount of traveling he had been doing lately, his mouth turned at the thought.	在她根据最近的旅行量所作的扣减中，他的嘴正确地转向了想法。	2
Andromeda crouched down and reached her arms to the girl.	安德罗达蹲下，手臂向那女孩走去。	2
And Sadron did not seem to like him much.	而撒德龙似乎不太喜欢他。	1
And seeing my partner explode with their cum load excites me so much.	看到我的搭档用其累计负载爆炸，我感到非常兴奋。	2
And she is finally here and she is ALL girl.	她终于来到了这里，她都是女孩。	2
And she owns some very diva looking phone.	她拥有一些看起来非常漂亮的手机。	1
And should someone actually leave without paying, the relevant picture sequences can easily be sourced out on CD and used in court.	如果有人在没有付钱的情况下离开，相关的图片序列可以很容易地从 CD 中获得并在法庭上使用。	1
And since you apparently had to throw a dead body at him to get his attention, why not?	既然你显然不得不向他扔一具尸体来引起他的注意，为什么不呢？	1
And skilling up in Qufim at night at my level will only result in a lot of unwanted aggro.	在我的水平上，在克菲姆的夜间滑冰只会导致很多不必要的黑人。	2
And so he had taken in all of her with a loving look and had kissed her.	于是，他带着爱的目光拥抱了她，亲吻了她。	0
And so he peered closer at the comet, all his strength and energy devoted to his focus on the object in the sky.	于是他更近距离地看着彗星，他的所有力量和精力都集中在他对天空物体的关注上。	1
And so in making that confession, I hope it warms your heart with laughter.	所以，在作出这种供认时，我希望它用笑来温暖你的心。	1
And so I've been focussing most of the energy that I've not been using on just getting through the days on doing my best not to succumb to the instinct to be a zombie.	所以我把大部分精力都集中在我过去没有使用过的那些能量上，仅仅是为了让我尽最大努力，不屈从于成为僵尸的本能。	1
And some in the artworld may appear to despise the scientific worldview, but this is similarly a case of false consciousness, dissimulation, delusion.	艺术世界中的一些人可能会对科学世界观产生蔑视，但这也是一种虚假意识，假象，假象的例子。	1
And some new employees now work at Cambridge.	现在，一些新员工在剑桥工作。	1
And sometimes you can find patterns where you least expect them.	有时你可以找到你最不期望的模式。	1
And so the Keldons have returned to reclaim their heritage.	因此，克尔登人已经返回，重新获得他们的遗产。	2
And so when he preached they said he must be from God because this has happened to him, this great miracle has happened.	所以当他鼓吹时，他们说他必须来自上帝，因为这发生在他身上，这一伟大的奇迹发生了。	1
And suddenly she felt so wrong for feeling the way she did.	突然她觉得自己的感觉太不对了。	2
And thank you so much for saying those nice things about me at the end of chapter 6!	非常感谢您在第 6 章末尾对我说这些美好的事情！	1
And that a bad developer can do much more harm than good to a project.	而一个坏的开发人员对项目的伤害比好处要大得多。	1
And that instance in the hallway made me worried that we would have an armed confrontation, and so we wanted to avoid that at all costs.	走廊里的这一例子让我担心我们会发生武装冲突，因此我们不惜一切代价避免这种冲突。	1
And that is a dangerous trap to be in as it turns others off to Christianity entirely.	这是一个危险的陷阱，因为它将其他人完全变成了基督教。	1
And that person was dumb for complaining about your story!	那个人对你的故事抱怨太愚蠢了！	1
And that you would have needed the benefits of the other solution.	您需要另一种解决方案的优势。	1
And the bonus is that it naturally lessens your acne, because you are not so stressed out by focusing on the negative but are embodying the positives in your life, one day at a time!	好处是它自然地减少了你的痤疮 , 因为你不是那么紧张通过关注消极 , 而是在你的生活中体现积极 , 一天一次 !	2
And the case for the client he argues at the end, casting on it such best light that the law and the evidence shed.	最后，他为该客户辩护，并以法律和证据所揭示的最佳证据为依据。	0
And the clearest skin ever, it just made me want to cover my face from embarrassment.	这是我见过的最清晰的皮肤，让我想掩盖我的脸，摆脱尴尬。	1
And the defenders will have to play mistake free football especially under the pressure of the wings playing offensively oriented and not defensively oriented.	而防守者们将不得不使用无误的足球，特别是在侧翼以偏侧和非防守为导向的压力下。	1
And the fact that he stood firm in his decision not to say anymore.	而他坚定地决定不再说的话。	0
And the fireworks provide a beautiful bang to signal the end of another year.	烟花让人惊叹，预示着另一年的结束。	1
And their eyes never left each other as the limousine took off.	当豪华轿车起飞时，他们的眼睛永远不会彼此落下。	2
And the lines for migration process are just terrible.	而迁移过程的路线也很糟糕。	0
And then he always has toadies like Ciena to attack those who would call him out.	然后他总是有像西耶纳这样的人攻击那些叫他出来的人。	2
And then I must ask, WHY Hermione would want to date much less marry such a jerk?	然后我必须问，为什么赫米奥内要比这种衣衫少得多？	2
And then just as it came it immediately left.	就像它来的时候一样，它马上就离开了。	1
And then she remembered she actually did have a game to get to.	然后她还记得，她确实有一个游戏要去。	1
And then the guilt she had felt for their second time together.	然后，她第二次一起感到内疚。	2
And then the sound of footsteps echoed from behind Dumbledore.	接着，杜布莱多后面的脚步声回响了。	2
And then they will make the rules, just like the phone companies.	然后他们会制定规则，就像电话公司一样。	0
And then we were in the living room again, her and the child rolling on the floor laughing, their bright blue eyes watering as I tickled them mercilessly.	然后我们又回到了客厅里，她和孩子在地上滚动着，笑着，他们那明亮的蓝色眼睛在我无情地盯着他们时垂涎欲滴。	2
And the range of tilt is limited to detents rather than infinitely selectable?	而倾斜范围仅限于锁定，而不是无限可选？	2
And there are countless mannequins in distinctive sorts that help the Canada Goose Jackets Men arrive to life.	还有无数不同种类的人体模特帮助加拿大驼鹿夹克的人们生活。	2
And there are moments when we do all of a sudden sense and feel and experience who we really are, who God really is.	有时我们会突然意识到自己的真实身份，感受和体验上帝的真实身份。	1
And there are some sharp elbows in that pit, as Smith learned the hard way.	在那个坑里有一些尖锐的弯头，因为史密斯学会了艰难的道路。	2
And there is nobody who loves the flag as much as Michael and myself.	没有人像迈克尔和我一样喜欢国旗。	1
And the residents would be calling us again saying they had the same level of infestation.	居民会再次打电话给我们，说他们的感染程度是一样的。	1
And there surely would have been a typescript that threw out many of the remarks and added many new ones.	当然，也会有一个打字本，它提出了许多意见，并增加了许多新的意见。	2
And the same thing happened when I saw it on Broadway as a revival many years ago.	同样的事情发生在我多年前在百老汇看到它是一个复兴时期。	1
And the second half of this post will focus on Harvest on the Square, which was a fund raiser for Union Square.	这一职位的下半部将重点介绍联合广场的募捐活动。	1
And the selections being developed are definitely adding a splash of colour to the Fresh Obsessions display.	而正在开发的选择肯定会为全新的 Obsessions 显示屏增添色彩。	1
And the size of these bases will differ from country to country and over time in ways over which governments might have very limited control.	这些基地的规模因国家而异，随着时间的推移，各国政府的控制可能非常有限。	0
And the times that they did you have made that change believable.	他们的时代让你相信这一变化。	1
And the trees and reeds have lots of mush too.	树木和芦苇也有很多泥。	1
And the way he stalks right up to Kakashi, spreading his knees apart like he has every right too, lording over him like some great sexy beast, ready to have his feast...	他一直盯着 Kakashi ，把膝盖分开，就像他的右腿一样，像一些性感的野兽一样，在他的身上，准备着享受他的盛宴……	2
And the wings of that prayer bear him to sleep.	祈祷的翅膀让他睡不着。	2
And they keep taking things away things from the workers.	他们不断地把东西从工人身上带走。	1
And things are heading down that road until Juliet fails to get the message that Romeo is safe.	直到 Juliet 不能获得罗密欧是安全的信息，事情才会沿着这条道路前进。	2
And this is not by accident; it is the will of Allah the Exalted Who dictates that certain things be obliterated or be preserved.	这不是偶然的；是被驱逐者的真主的意志决定某些东西被消灭或被保存。	2
And this is not simply an example that we should follow; it is itself that portion of our redemption that we call his active obedience.	这不是我们应该效仿的简单例子，而是我们赎回的那一部分，我们称之为他的积极服从。	1
And this is practiclly my first clip when i joined!	这是我加入时的第一个剪辑！	2
And this is the very reason behind the ever growing popularity of the tourmaline plates.	而这正是电气石板日益普及的原因。	0
And this November, Americans will get a chance to let their voices be heard concerning the election of a new head of the executive branch (President) and about a third of the members of Congress.	今年 11 月，美国人将有机会让人们听到他们关于选举新的行政部门领导人（总统）和大约三分之一的国会议员的声音。	1
And timing is not optimum at the moment, especially with free agent drivers switching teams and newcomer Toyota courting them.	而时机目前还不是最好的，特别是在自由代理驾驶员更换团队和新丰田的情况下。	2
And to answer your question, both of them are cute, but I prefer Evangeline merely because she can turn into a hot adult form.	为了回答你的问题，他们都很可爱，但我更喜欢 Evangeline 仅仅因为她可以变成一个热的成人形式。	2
And to do that he had to start by recognizing his own powerful feelings toward a man that he had never even properly met.	要做到这一点，他必须首先认识到自己对一个他从未适当遇见过的人的强烈感情。	1
And to her credit, she has three siblings who have had problems holding down jobs because of serious addiction and depression issues.	她有三个兄弟姐妹，由于严重的毒瘾和抑郁问题而无法保住工作。	0
And to keep the birds happy within the confinement of cages, they have to be given toys to play with.	为了让鸟儿在笼子里快乐，他们必须得到玩具。	1
And to never come back and hurt my family ever again.	再也不会回来伤害我的家人了。	0
And to top it off after copying these Degas pastels, I see the value in my drawing starting to appear in my paintings.	最重要的是，在复制这些德加斯牧师之后，我看到我的画中的价值开始出现在我的画中。	2
And trying to have a baby so vegeta wont leave her.	而想要一个如此素食的婴儿，就不会离开她。	2
And unless the ones that are more radical will become more desperate and more violent, while the ones who were becoming more moderate will be less so.	如果不是那些激进的人会变得更加绝望和暴力，而那些变得更加温和的人就会变得更少。	1
And unless the underclass is being excluded completely, they will have an inkling of what life has to offer for so many others.	除非完全排斥底层阶级，否则他们将会对许多其他人的生活产生一种新的感觉。	2
And unlock additional capabilities as your needs change and multiply.	随着需求的变化和增长，释放更多功能。	0
And waht made me hurt most was that part that Firion said to Tidus that something about that pink manikin was familiar to him.	菲里安对蒂杜斯说的那部分是他熟悉的粉色马尼克的东西，这让我最受伤害。	2
And we can travel in the direction of integrity and honesty.	我们可以朝着诚信和诚实的方向前进。	1
And we find that out now where so many of us, myself included, have already followed the letter of the law and have filled in and even sent off our forms.	我们发现，现在，包括我在内的我们中的许多人已经遵守了法律的文字，填写了甚至发出了我们的表格。	1
And we have retired Lt. Gen. Edward Baca from New Mexico, who has a special flag and a special story for us today.	我们已经从新墨西哥退休了爱德华 · 巴卡中将，他今天有一个特殊的旗帜和一个特殊的故事。	2
And we have the usual geographical oddities of old classic westerns: the guys just cross a mountain and they pass from Arizona to Texas!	我们有着古老的西方传统的惯常地理风格：这些人只是穿过一座山，他们从亚利桑那州来到德克萨斯州！	1
And we must with an eye of faith follow him likewise thither, where he is appearing in the presence of God for us; then shall we have the benefit of his mediation.	我们必须以信心的眼光照看他，他在神的面前为我们出现在哪里；那么我们就会从他的调解中获益。	2
And we were taught to kill them if they found out.	我们被教导如果他们发现，就杀死他们。	1
And what about the two unwanted head girls?	这两个不受欢迎的女头又如何呢？	2
And what does it mean for the DMA?	这对 DMA 意味着什么？	0
And what I mean by that is starting out and working my way in.	我的意思是开始和工作。	2
And what is the magnitude of deviation shall be considered significant.	而偏离的程度应被认为是重大的。	1
And what the heck were they doing in the B bracket????	他们在 B 支架上做了什么？？？？？	2
And what will this do to her everyday life?	这对她的日常生活有何影响？	0
And when he looked at her in surprise, she had given him a weak smile.	当他惊讶地看着她时，她给了他一个微弱的微笑。	0
And when is Lisbon going to learn that Jane will never let her in on a plan until the very last second ;) Smart girl that Van Pelt, I would have hung up myself.	里斯本什么时候会知道，直到最后一秒，简永远不会让她参与计划；）范佩尔特的聪明女孩，我会自己挂断电话。	1
And when we pay, how can we be sure that our credit card numbers are safe, that our purchases are confidential and that the stuff will actually arrive?	当我们付款时，我们如何才能确保我们的信用卡号码安全，我们的购买是保密的，并且这些物品会真正到达？	0
And while debt management is necessary in terms of bad debt, it is important to know how to properly use good debt to get ahead in terms of finance.	尽管债务管理对于坏账是必要的，但重要的是要知道如何正确地使用好债来取得融资的进展。	1
And while he has long years of practice tuning out irrelevant visual, auditory, or tactile input as necessary, it turns out that scent may have a more intrusive, destructive power.	虽然他有多年的练习，在必要时调出无关的视觉，听觉或触觉输入，但事实证明气味可能具有更强的干扰性和破坏性。	0
And while Microsoft does dominate the netbook market, it will so without much grace - the organization has reason to become concerned make fish an ARM compatible OS may ultimately crowd into that space.	尽管 Microsoft 确实主宰了上网本市场，但它将毫无恩典——组织有理由担心将 FISH 作为 ARM 兼容操作系统最终可能会进入该领域。	2
And while Xion buried Roxas, she listened politely as he explained how to tighten a screw on an oboe.	当 Xion 埋葬 Roxas 的时候，她礼貌地听了他解释如何拧紧一个小木杆。	2
And, who would be less tempted toward corruption because corruption would be opposite of his purpose.	而且，由于腐败与他的目的背道而驰，谁会更不愿意从事腐败。	2
And why Carter got demoted but not Ashley.	为什么卡特被降级了，而不是 Ashley 。	0
And why does patience trump hustle every time?	为什么每次都要忍受耐心？	1
And why do you have to be a religious person to be a nice person.	你为什么要成为一个宗教人士才能成为一个好人。	2
And why is it always exactly the same?	为什么它总是完全相同？	1
And why should not credence be given to that gospel that is confirmed by blood, the blood of the Son of God himself?	为什么不能相信这种由血证实的福音——神儿子自己的血——的福音呢？	2
And with that she was gone with a crack.	于是她就被一个裂缝所摧毁了。	2
And with this system if a state has bad budget it will not pull down the whole country like now a bad federal budget would do.	如果一个州的预算不好，那么这个制度不会像现在一个糟糕的联邦预算那样拖出整个国家。	2
And yay for L and Light being on better terms once more!	我要再次为 L 和 Light 提供更好的服务！	0
Andy eased herself down onto him and they both groaned.	安迪放松了自己，对他都很恼火。	1
And yet all creation is striving to know its own identity, to find an eternal meaning that transcends the world of change in which it is incarcerated during the life of the flesh.	然而，所有的创造都在努力了解自己的特性，找到一个超越在肉体生命中被监禁的变革世界的永恒的含义。	1
And you did amazing things for me that I can not even begin to thank you for.	你为我做了令人惊奇的事情，我甚至不能开始感谢你。	2
And you guys mentioned several of my favorites too.	你们也提到了我的几个最爱。	0
An early supporter of the New Deal that turned against Roosevelt.	这是反对罗斯福的新政的早期支持者。	0
An easy stroll to the local nurseries, eateries and clubs or catch the courtesy bus.	可以轻松漫步到当地的托儿所，餐馆和俱乐部，或者乘坐免费巴士。	1
An ec contributor has also had very good luck with Tru Wheel in the past.	一位 EC 贡献者过去也非常幸运地使用了 Tru Wheel 。	1
An economist called David Robinson wanted to challenge the classical liberal free trade orthodoxy of the time.	一位名叫戴维 · 鲁滨逊的经济学家想要挑战当时的传统自由贸易正统观念。	0
An effective method of taking them down is to stand in the doorway of where the White Light Gate was and lure them upwards.	把它们放下的一个有效方法是站在白光门的门口，将它们向上引诱。	2
A negative difference implies that the remaining maturity of the grandfathered bond is longer.	负差意味着外生债券的剩余到期时间更长。	1
An equilibrium result is obtainable for each time period by considering both relations together, and by proceeding with the necessary computation.	通过同时考虑两种关系并进行必要的计算，可以在每个时间段获得平衡结果。	0
An esoteric topic we touched upon was the use of byzantine agreement algorithms to keep players from cheating, or rather keep a consistent good state of the game even if there is, allowing detection of checting participiants.	我们所触及的一个主题是使用拜占庭式协议算法来防止玩家作弊，或者保持游戏状态的一致性（即使存在），从而允许检测参加者。	0
A neurosurgeon performs the craniotomy by first cutting through the scalp over the area where the brain injury is thought to lie.	神经外科医生通过首先切割脑损伤所在区域的头皮来执行颅骨切开术。	0
A New Brand of the Individual Labour Contract under Market Socialism: Case Studies in the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone of China.	A New Brand of the Individual Labour Contract under Market Socialism, Case Studies in the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone of China.	2
A new communication tool and content aggregator for communicating in the ever changing hyper connected social world.	一种新的通信工具和内容聚合器，用于在不断变化的超级互联社交世界中进行通信。	1
A new entrance sign is also going to be installed.	此外，还将安装一个新的入口标志。	0
A new feature of the shop is the 'Racket Filter' this gives you access to a range of search features that will enable you to find what you want quickly and easily.	商店的一个新功能是“球拍筛选器”，它允许您访问一系列搜索功能，使您能够快速轻松地找到所需内容。	1
A new hunt and this time so far away that they would have to move.	这是一次新的狩猎，而这一次是他们必须移动的。	2
A new Lingraphica for my mother is who affected by aphasia.	我母亲的一个新的 Lingrapha 是受阿帕西亚影响的人。	2
A new room was found only two weeks later.	两周后才发现一个新房间。	0
A new source of evil had arrived and was threaten the peace and quiet at Hogwarts.	邪恶的新来源已经到来，威胁着霍格沃茨的和平与安宁。	0
An examination of the narratives of each workplace fatality provides insight into the activities that athletes were performing at the time of their fatal injury.	通过对每个工作场所死亡的叙述进行检查，可以深入了解运动员在致命伤害时正在开展的活动。	2
An example can be found in the American story.	在美国的故事中可以找到一个例子。	0
An example of a type of application for which a demonstration of financial support is required would be an application to extend or change nonimmigrant status (Form I-539).	需要提供财政支持的申请类型的一个例子是申请延长或改变非移民身份（ I-539 表格）。	1
An excellent online casino which I highly recommend.	一个很棒的网上赌场，我强烈推荐	1
An exciting caged people carrier provides aerial transport down to all parts of the resort including the outdoor ice rink and pool.	一个令人兴奋的笼式人运输公司提供到度假村所有地方的空中交通，包括户外溜冰场和游泳池。	2
An extremely small piece of cake, but a piece of cake anyway.	一个非常小的蛋糕，但无论如何也是一块蛋糕。	1
Angela has been friendly and professional, she listened to what I was looking for and I would recommend her to anyone looking for a new job.	Angela 一直很友好，很专业，她倾听了我的需求，我会向所有寻找新工作的人推荐她。	0
Angel let up a bit so the man could breathe easier.	安琪尔让人稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍放松	2
Angel was the one who made her happy.	安琪尔是让她开心的人。	0
Angie ignored warning signs that might have ensured she was alive today.	Angie 忽略了可能确保她今天活着的警告信号。	1
Angie was only a year younger than Bree but they had always been each others emotional crutches.	安吉比伯里少了一年，但他们一直是彼此的情感拐杖。	2
Anglers of any experience will be satisfied with tossing a line into the waters around here.	任何经验的天使都会满意地把一条线扔到这里周围的水域。	2
An honest down and dirty country outfit led by the cantankerous and deep toned Hank Topless.	这是一个诚实的肮脏的乡村服装，由那种危险而又深沉的汉克 · 汉克（ Hank ）“无衣”领导。	2
A nice example of the Swampmates going too far.	一个很好的例子，就是 Swampmates 走得太远了。	1
A nice overview of KEGG is available in a recent article.	最近的一篇文章中提供了有关 KEGG 的很好的概述。	0
An illustrative example for a hypothetical San Francisco hotel is reported.	据报告，假设的旧金山酒店就是一个例子。	1
An immunologic determinant in the pathogenesis of the Mazzotti reaction in human onchocerciasis.	人类盘尾丝虫病中 Mazzotti 反应发病机理的免疫决定因素。	1
An important consideration is the relative contribution of the different segments of the intestinal tract to overall calcium absorption, with the small intestine accounting for about 90%.	一个重要的考虑因素是肠道不同段对整体钙吸收的相对作用，小肠约占 90% 。	1
An important exception to the Act allowed midwives already in practice to be exempt from the educational requirements and exam - they received their licenses for a $5 fee if their application was approved.	该法的一个重要例外是，已经在实践中的助产士可以免于教育要求和考试，如果申请获得批准，他们可以获得 5 美元的许可证。	2
An important question for many people is whether routine male circumcision should be practiced or not.	对许多人来说，一个重要的问题是，是否应该实施常规的男性割礼。	2
An indication that the call has completed all signaling activities can be detected and used as a marker that all billing for the given call is now complete.	可以检测到呼叫已完成所有信号活动的指示，并将其用作标记，表示给定呼叫的所有计费现已完成。	1
An industrial wasteland awaits as you go through the motions of a straight forward first person shooter.	当你经历一个直接了当的第一人称射手的动作时，一个工业荒地在等着你。	0
An instructor will be present and will supply all necessary sets and cards.	讲师将在场并提供所有必要的套件和卡片。	1
An interesting part of it are the differences she observed in the way catholic and orthodox christians see the bible and the Jesus character.	其中一个有趣的部分是她观察到的天主教和正统基督徒看待圣经和耶稣性格的不同之处。	0
An intervention is usually only deemed successful if it made a significant difference to outcomes.	干预通常只有在对结果产生重大影响时才被视为成功。	0
Anise stopped chasing Guy when they arrived at the Albiore and told Noelle that they would sleep there.	当他们到达阿尔比奥尔时，阿尼赛德停止追逐他，并告诉诺埃尔他们会在那里睡觉。	2
Annual screening should be performed, undertaken in conjunction with the medical team managing the woman, although the age range screened should be as for the general population.	应与管理妇女的医疗团队一起进行年度筛查，尽管筛查的年龄范围应与一般人群一样。	1
Annual treatment operations are planned by each State Forest Department and submitted to the Silviculture Unit in the Federal Forestry Department, which monitors and coordinates the reforestation programme and activities.	每年的治疗行动由各州林业部规划，并提交给联邦林业部的造林股，该股负责监测和协调重新造林方案和活动。	1
An odd dominatrix towers over her charge, as they pose among a haze of classical ruins.	一个奇怪的多米纳特里克斯在她的掌控下，因为他们在一堆古典废墟中形成。	2
An official award event will be held in the realm of AIPBW at September 7, 2005.	将于 2005 年 9 月 7 日在 AIPBW 领域举行正式颁奖活动。	1
An oil company negotiates a Lease with Richman to explore for oil on the ranch.	一家石油公司与 Richman 谈判一份租赁合同，以便在牧场勘探石油。	0
A noise limit scaling factor is determined for the first bank.	为第一排确定噪音限制缩放系数。	2
An older man adopted her and he called me a month later to tell me she was an amazing dog and brought a lot of joy to him and his wife.	一个老人收养了她，一个月后他打电话给我，告诉我她是一只很棒的狗，给他和他的妻子带来了很多欢乐。	1
An online search marketer working for an agency.	为某个机构工作的在线搜索营销人员。	2
Anonymous Do some research on ALBERT PIKE before you comment on this article.	匿名在您评论这篇文章之前对《白派克》做了一些研究。	1
An operative and gripping disposition to touch a betrothed is in all respects online matchmakers.	在所有方面，网上的匹配者都是一种接触订婚者的实用和吸引人的态度。	2
An operator is deemed to have ceased to be registered if they have not made an application of their existing registration.	如果经营者没有申请现有的注册，则被视为已停止注册。	0
A: No. The organization targeting the underserved population must have an administrative office within the targeted region.	答：没有。针对服务不足人口的组织必须在目标地区内设立一个行政办公室。	0
Another 45% of operating costs is covered by an annual fixed percentage payout from the endowment.	另外 45% 的运营成本由年度固定百分比的捐赠支付。	1
Another blogger who calls himself a modern Jon Swift says the criticism might be down to 'personality conflicts' and wonders if the retired generals were retired for a reason.	另一位自称是现代 Jon Swift 的博客作者表示，批评可能是“人格冲突”，并怀疑退休将军是否因某种原因退休。	0
Another challenge we ran into was the matter of the Room Selection equation.	我们遇到的另一个挑战是房间选择等式问题。	1
Another class is for ESL students at the beginning and intermediate levels of English proficiency.	另一个课程是英语水平的初级和中级 ESL 学生。	2
Another common explanation was that that they did not produce enough waste to make recycling worthwhile.	另一个常见的解释是，它们没有产生足够的废物来使回收物有所值。	0
Another composition of matter including an antisense oligonucleotide covalently coupled to a peptide is also provided.	还提供了另一种物质成分，包括与肽共价结合的抗 SENSE 寡核苷酸。	0
Another consequence of the crisis is an acceleration of industry restructurings due to two main factors.	危机的另一个后果是，由于两个主要因素，产业结构调整加速。	2
Another disadvantage is the resource limitation which comes as a result of using the same CPU and hard drive by a number of websites.	另一个缺点是资源限制，这是由于许多网站使用相同的 CPU 和硬盘驱动器造成的。	0
Another factor is that rising futures prices encourage those who actually do own real goods to hoard their reserves, fueling prices even more.	另一个因素是，期货价格的上涨鼓励了那些真正拥有真正商品的人囤积其储备，从而进一步刺激了价格。	1
Another game where he was not allowed to touch.	另一场比赛，他被禁止触摸。	2
Another gift we receive from God is the community of the redeemed, the church.	我们从神那里得到的另一个礼物是被赎回的人的社区，即教堂。	2
Another good peace of news for the Late Model drivers is there is NO ENTRY fee.	对于后期车型驾驶员来说，另一个好消息是不收取入场费。	1
Another helpful tool to help you in your rental car comparison shopping is an online site that helps you find the lowest rates.	另一个帮助您进行租车比较购物的有用工具是帮助您找到最低价格的在线网站。	2
Another interesting development presented at the exhibition is the mobile ASAN (Azerbaijan Service and Assessment Network) Centres.	在展览上介绍的另一个有趣的发展是阿桑移动服务和评估网络中心。	1
Another mechanism regulates focusing chemically and independently of these two, by controlling growth of the eye and maintaining focal length.	另一种机制通过控制眼睛的生长并保持焦点长度来对聚焦进行化学调节，与这两种机制无关。	0
Another part of the rights and fundamental freedoms stated in the Convention and Protocols is given in the Constitution of the Republic of Armenia in the other edition and formulations.	《公约》和《议定书》规定的权利和基本自由的另一部分载于《亚美尼亚共和国宪法》的另一版和案文。	1
Another part of this is the Jewish religious traditions, and it is here that cultural relativism comes into play.	这方面的另一个部分是犹太宗教传统，而文化相对主义在这里发挥作用。	1
Another principal objective was to engage in realistic public relations work with the benefit of first -hand information.	另一个主要目标是利用第一手资料从事现实的公共关系工作。	0
Another problematic issue for the United States has been the Christian fanatics who have a strong lobby for the policies in the United States.	美国面临的另一个问题是基督教狂热分子对美国的政策有着强烈的游说。	1
Another problem with ERP is that the technology has had difficulty dealing with the degree of data incompatibility within many firms, so the promise of total information integration frequently was not realized.	企业资源规划系统的另一个问题是，该技术难以处理许多公司内数据不兼容的程度，因此，全面信息集成的承诺常常没有实现。	1
Another related area of legislation is a treasure trove act, whereby anyone discovering any artefacts of archaeological remains is adequately recompensed at the market value of those remains.	另一个相关的立法领域是一项财富管制法案，根据该法案，任何发现考古遗址文物的人都将根据这些文物的市场价值得到适当的补偿。	0
Another reproductive strategy of some operculate species is for females to birth live young.	对某些操作物种的另一种生殖战略是让女性出生时活得年轻。	2
Another small smile formed on Optimus' faceplates as he watched the children and his team as the group continued to walk through the valley, enjoying the sights.	在 Optimus 的脸板上形成了另一个小小的微笑，他在观看孩子们和他的团队继续穿过山谷，欣赏风景。	2
Another standard technique to cleanse is to take a salt baths.	另一个标准的清洗技术是盐浴 .	1
Another suggestion I have is to finish your stories before posting them.	另一个建议是在发布之前完成您的故事。	1
Another Theological student was expelled last year for making a personal attack on one of the foreign clergy, coming to his house with a club in hand.	去年，另一名神学院学生因对一名外国神职人员进行人身攻击而被驱逐，他带着一个俱乐部来到他的家中。	2
Another use for hashes is in the storage of passwords.	哈希的另一个用途是存储密码。	2
Another water quality issue brought to our attention during our expansion to 8 Oregon and Washington was the inconsistency in water quality criteria among states.	在我们扩大到 8 个俄勒冈州和华盛顿期间，提请我们注意的另一个水质问题是各州之间水质标准的不一致。	2
Another way of putting this: the family has the potential to transform political obstacles when it comes to questions about the respect owed human life.	另一种方法是：家庭有可能在涉及尊重人类生命的问题时改变政治障碍。	1
Another way to maximize the use of coupons is to stack them with store coupons.	另一个最大化使用优惠券的方法是将优惠券与商店优惠券堆叠在一起。	1
Another week and she would be married, Hugh would not wait more than a few days before returning to London, she knew he would not stay and watch his younger sister suffer.	另外一个星期，她会结婚，休不会等超过几天再返回伦敦，她知道他不会留下来，看着他的妹妹受苦。	2
Anrida, a chinese manufacturer for roof window for many years, which is able to supply you GOOD quality of skylight and roof windows and european style...	Anrida 是一家多年来一直生产屋顶窗户的中国制造商，能够为您提供优质的天窗和屋顶窗户以及欧洲风格 ...	0
Answering the question at all would indicate prejudice and argue against his fitness.	回答这个问题将表明偏见，并反对他的健康。	2
Answers on a postcard if you have the faintest idea of what I am talking about.	如果你对我所说的是什么有着最无赖的想法，你可以在明信片上回答。	2
Answer: The clues as to the inheritance of Israel are to be found in the allocations after the Exodus.	答 : 关于以色列继承的线索可以在出埃及记后的分配中找到。	1
Answer these questions quickly and easily with the Attendance Planner.	使用出勤计划表快速，轻松地回答这些问题。	0
Antibiotics taken before these procedures can help destroy or control the harmful bacteria that may lead to endocarditis.	在这些程序之前服用的抗生素有助于消灭或控制可能导致心内膜炎的有害细菌。	0
Anticipate the emotional and cognitive needs of the targeted consumer If consumers are concerned, the website must find ways to communicate how they alleviate those concerns.	预测目标消费者的情感和认知需求 - 如果消费者担心，网站必须找到沟通方式，以缓解这些担忧。	0
A number of factors are increasing the cost of meals.	许多因素正在增加膳食费用。	1
A number of occurrences inthe Peoples Temple can be illuminated by viewing them in light ofthis process.	在民族寺的一些事件中，可以根据这一过程进行观察，照亮它们。	2
A number of studies indicate EPO supplements can improve symptoms in many eczema sufferers.	许多研究表明， EPO 补充剂可以改善许多湿疹患者的症状。	0
An unfavorable decision can be appealed, usually through the local child welfare agency.24 Ask the agency whether it has informed the caregivers of this right, and the steps involved in requesting a fair hearing.	可以对不利的决定提出上诉，通常是通过地方儿童福利机构提出上诉。 24 询问该机构是否已将这一权利告知照料者，以及要求公平审理所涉及的步骤。	0
An unusual entry in the church register records the burial of 'widow Trott' of the Red Cow public house.	在教会登记册中有一个不寻常的条目记录了红牛公屋的“寡妇转子”的埋葬。	1
Any advice or pointers offered would be appreciated.	欢迎提供任何建议或建议。	1
Any agent who tells you otherwise is out to make a killing at your expense.	任何告诉您其他情况的代理都将不惜代价进行杀戮。	2
Any balance would go into reserves at the end of the year.	任何余额都将在年底转入储备金。	0
Any better ideas are welcome. my biggest task is a way to manage all of my mbsa scans.	欢迎您提出任何更好的想法。我的最大任务是管理所有 MBSA 扫描。	2
Anybody have a good recipe for coconut custard pie?	谁有一个好的椰子蛋奶派食谱？	1
Any cancellations or reduction in numbers made within 14 days of the tour date will result in loss of the full cost of the cancelled event.	如果在旅行日期后 14 天内取消或减少人数，将导致取消活动的全部费用损失。	1
Any changes made during the year may only be done by January 5 or the start of the year as stated above.	年内所作的任何更改只能在 1 月 5 日或如上所述的年初进行。	2
Any discrepancy found may be brought to the notice of NMCC.	发现的任何差异都可以提交 NMCC 通知。	1
Any external lighting or sound systems will also require electrical support.	任何外部照明或音响系统也需要电气支持。	1
Any family or collection interested in autism will want to learn from this.	任何对自闭症感兴趣的家庭或收藏都希望从中学习。	2
Any form of teaching experience is appreciated and a high motivation to get involved in teaching is indispensable.	任何形式的教学经验都受到赞赏，参与教学的高动力是不可或缺的。	1
Any good links to be posted in here would be great as well.	在这里张贴的任何好链接也将是很好的。	1
Any help or reassurance would be much appreciated.	任何帮助或保证都将受到极大的赞赏。	0
Any idea which could be visualized could be recreated as a costume.	任何可以被可视化的想法都可以重新创造为服装。	1
Any loss of vision will reduce your ability to drive safely.	任何视力损失都会降低您的安全驾驶能力。	0
Any monies generated by the operation of an inmate industry program shall not be included under county expenditure limitations established pursuant to article IX, section 20, Constitution of Arizona.	监狱行业方案的运作所产生的任何资金不应列入根据《亚利桑那州宪法》第九条第 20 款规定的县支出限制。	1
Any of these web page user interfaces may be displayed via the user interaction module described in FIG.	这些网页用户界面中的任何一个都可以通过图	2
Any of the soldiers who killed someone or touched a dead person was unclean.	杀害或触摸死者的任何士兵都是不洁净的。	1
Anyone attending the Driving Weekend eighteen years and younger requires the signature of a parent or guardian.	18 岁及以下的任何人参加驾驶周末都需要父母或监护人签名。	0
Anyone got a link i could download this ep?	有人获得了我可以下载此 EP 的链接？	0
Any one in any business that handles large amounts of cash is expected to train their people on when they need to file SAR's.	任何企业中处理大量现金的任何人都需要培训其员工何时需要提交 SAR 。	1
Anyone who did would be laughed out of the business faster than someone who conducted Bach like Klemperer.	如果有人这样做，就会比像 Klemperer 那样做巴赫的人更快地被企业嘲笑。	2
Any or all of these vegetables will make for delicious and healthy additions to your winter garden.	这些蔬菜中的任何一种或全部都将为您的冬季花园增添美味健康的元素。	1
Anything I can do to get rid of the dried blood without injuring the scar any?	我能做些什么来清除干血而不伤害疤痕？	1
Anything to shake the chill from his skin, it was more distracting then anything else.	从他的皮肤上摆脱寒冷的一切，都比其他任何东西都更分散注意力。	2
Anything you can provide that helps to establish why the business is worthy of being purchased by another individual or company will need to be presented during this process.	在此过程中，您可以提供任何有助于确定企业为何值得他人或公司购买的信息，都需要提供。	2
Anything you would find in one of those really high class hotel suits.	您可以在这些真正的高级酒店套房中找到任何东西。	1
Anything you write would be good anyway And promise to be my friend FOREVER AND EVER!	你写的任何东西都是好的，并承诺永远成为我的朋友！	1
Any time wages and salaries remain static while expenses keep increasing life becomes more and more difficult.	任何时候，工资和工资都保持不变，而开支却不断增加，生活变得越来越困难。	2
Any updates that were recorded in the binary log file - and exported to the text file - are applied to the database.	记录在二进制日志文件中并导出到文本文件中的任何更新都将应用于数据库。	0
Any way Aoshi nearly choking to death was fun.	无论如何，阿希几乎都在窒息死亡，这是有趣的。	2
Anyway, I found it most helpfull to take him for a walk to the park and let him work off his energy there.	无论如何，我觉得带他去公园散步，让他在那里干些活是最有帮助的。	1
Anyway, I love the plot you have going Much as I hate to see Togetic dead, I think I'll live as it leaves open plenty of awesome plot points!	不管怎样，我喜欢你的阴谋，因为我不想看到 Togetic 的死亡，我想我会活下去，因为它留下了许多令人敬畏的阴谋点！	2
Anyway I never had more fun playing the game I love running the ball, break tackles in the coolest ways possible or tackles a guy so hard he flips.	无论如何，我玩得再也不开心了，我喜欢控球，以最酷的方式打破控球，或者与一个非常努力的人打比赛。	2
Any way it was good too see the team go to another country too have a game:).	无论以何种方式来看，看到团队去另一个国家 / 地区也有一场比赛：）。	2
Anyway thanks for the new chapter and please update again soon!	无论如何，感谢新章节，请尽快更新！	1
Apart from increasing its admission number with local agreement following consultation, an Academy cannot alter its admission arrangements without the approval of the Secretary of State.	除了在协商后经当地同意增加其入学人数外，一所学院不能在未经国务卿批准的情况下改变其入学安排。	1
Apart from the need to push geophysical exploration northward, there are a few geophysical problems specifically related to the Arctic which result from the rotation of the earth or from accidents of geography.	除了需要向北推进地球物理勘探之外，还有一些地球物理问题是由地球旋转或地理事故引起的，与北极特别相关。	1
Apart from the restaurant there is also a bar on the ground floor.	除了餐厅外，一楼还有一个酒吧。	0
A part of him wanted to refuse, but before he could even get a word out of his mouth, Remus Lupin got up to oppose.	他的一部分人想拒绝，但在他甚至不能从口中得到一个词之前，卢平站起来反对。	2
A passing cab driver picks him up and with no clear destination in mind Jack finds himself in the small town of Salem Falls.	一名路过的出租车司机接他，没有明确的目的地，杰克发现自己在塞勒姆瀑布的小镇上。	1
A patent gives the inventor of a product a monopoly in producing and selling that product for a limited amount of time.	专利赋予产品发明者在有限时间内生产和销售该产品的垄断权。	0
Aperitifs or cocktails can be organized in beautiful garden or the entrance terrace.	可以在美丽的花园或入口露台组织开胃酒或鸡尾酒。	0
A person downloads the movie, but the movie has a virus hidden in it.	有人下载电影，但影片中隐藏了病毒。	1
Apex are able to offer fully independent financial advice and have close links with local conveyancing companies.	Apex 能够提供完全独立的财务建议，并与当地的物业转易公司建立密切的联系。	0
A phone snapped closed as footsteps came quickly to his door.	一部手机在脚步声迅速走到他的门时被卡住了。	2
A plastic ball according to claim 1, wherein the stiffening material is distributed substantially uniformly over the said ball skin.	根据索赔 1 的塑料球，在该球皮上均匀分布加固材料。	1
A police spokesman said today this was in response to a letter by Mr. Chan saying that he had information to...	警方发言人今日表示，这是回应陈先生的一封信，他说他有情报……	1
A positive experience of living and working in Singapore under the programme could encourage some of them to work here when they graduate, or at a later stage in their careers.	在该方案下在新加坡生活和工作的积极经验可以鼓励其中一些人在毕业时或在职业生涯的后期在这里工作。	1
Apple gets the same grade as the other cell phone manufacturers until then.	在此之前，苹果的等级与其他手机制造商的等级相同。	0
Applicants considering any development as outlined above, will be required to consult the Fire Services section of Waterford County Council, and also with the National Authority For Occupational Health and Safety, prior to lodging any development application.	考虑上述任何发展项目的申请人，在提出任何发展申请之前，必须咨询沃特福德县议会消防处以及国家职业健康和安全管理局。	0
Applicants may partner with multiple schools or educational organizations.	申请人可以与多个学校或教育组织合作。	0
Applicants who do not meet the necessary language standard should refrain from their application or, when the level will have been achieved later, then apply once again.	不符合所需语文标准的申请人应避免申请，或在以后达到语文标准时再次申请。	1
Application must be received by the advertised deadline.	申请必须在公布的截止日期前收到。	0
Application of recycled greywater Irrigation Greywater typically breaks down faster than blackwater and has much less nitrogen and phosphorus.	回收的灰水灌溉灰水的应用通常比黑水的分解速度更快，氮和磷的含量要低得多。	2
Applications for approval of a PRD are encourage to include an initial sketch plan review, but must include a tentative and final application phase.	申请批准珠三角的申请应包括初步草图计划审核，但必须包括初步和最终的申请阶段。	2
Applied monthly it is easy and quick to administer.	每月应用，管理简单快捷。	0
Apply for hospitality or hotel jobs in Daugavpils.	申请 Daugavpils 的招待或酒店工作。	2
Apply for hospitality or hotel jobs in Godagedara.	申请哥达加德拉的酒店招待或酒店工作。	1
Apply for hospitality or hotel jobs in Manchalovo.	申请 Manchalovo 的招待或酒店工作。	1
Applying for contracts that are advertised The contract notice or advertisement will inform suppliers of the procedure to be followed and the information required.	申请公布合同通知或广告的合同将通知供应商应遵循的程序和所需的信息。	1
Applying them together guarantees eligible leads for your site.	将它们一起应用可以保证您的站点有资格获得潜在客户。	0
Apply Online Today We have expanded our daily market updates service to include expert market commentary.	立即在线申请我们已经扩大了我们的每日市场更新服务，包括专家市场评论。	1
Appropriate accommodation and design to discourage the trespass of vehicles on pedestrian and planting areas are required.	需要适当的住宿和设计，以防止车辆侵入行人和种植区。	1
Appropriate measures will be taken to maintain the labels on all original containers until such time as the container is properly disposed of.	当局会采取适当措施，维持所有原货柜的标签，直至正确处置该货柜为止。	1
Approval of these measures is necessary for maintaining minimum state funding for education, health care and public safety.	批准这些措施对于维持教育，保健和公共安全的最低国家资金是必要的。	2
Approved candidates are notified at the end of the first semester.	在第一学期结束时，将通知已批准的候选人。	0
Approximately $5 billion of the total assets of consolidated VIEs represents investment vehicles that were established to provide a return to the investors in the vehicles.	合并 vies 的总资产中约有 50 亿美元是为向车辆投资者提供回报而建立的投资工具。	0
A prediction of 16 named storms was almost half of the actual storms occurring last year but it is still an unusually high number and it gave sellers nervous stomach to say the least.	预计有 16 场指定风暴，几乎是去年实际风暴的一半，但数字仍然异常之高，至少给卖家带来了紧张的胃。	1
A pregnancy occurs with the implantation of a fertilized egg in the uterus.	在子宫内植入受精卵时发生妊娠。	1
A preliminary list of objects for observations is created.	将创建观察对象的初步列表。	1
A pretty spontaneous act, but most of the time something always turned up interesting when she traveled without a reason.	这是一个相当自发的行为，但在大多数情况下，当她毫无理由地旅行时，某些事情总是会变得有趣。	0
A principal member of the guild of Merchant Taylors, he served as Sheriff of London in 1547, and was elected Lord Mayor of London in 1553.	他是商人泰勒公会的主要成员，于 1547 年担任伦敦首席治安官，并于 1553 年当选为伦敦市长。	0
A private front patio with kitchen access is great for entertaining and a large covered back deck is perfect for relaxing and enjoying the sunset and views of Bell Rock, Castle Rock and Courthouse Butte.	带厨房的私人露台非常适合娱乐，带顶棚的后甲板非常适合放松和欣赏钟岩，城堡岩和法院大楼的日落美景。	1
A progressive glaucoma started affecting the vision of the octogenarian even as he persisted with his writing, at times overlapping words as a result of poor eyesight.	一个渐进性的青光眼开始影响到八位八角人的视力，即使他坚持写这篇文章，有时由于视力不佳而导致文字重叠。	2
A prokaryote whose cell ealls contain peptidoglycan belongs to the domain?	细胞内含有多糖的原子药属于该域吗？	1
A prototype of the designed loom and workstation.	设计的织机和工作站的原型。	0
A quarter of an hour before you go to the operation room you will be asked to put on an operation jacket; normally this is a jacket where the back is open.	在您前往操作室前四分之一小时，您将被要求穿上操作夹克；通常这是背部打开的外套。	1
A quick glance at its gleaming cover promised a text message from the boy she had just been daydreaming about.	一瞥她那封闪闪发光的封面，就能看到她刚刚梦想中的那个男孩的短信。	1
A rare opportunity to join an established Software Provider as a Technical Support Engineer within Data Acquisition Your role will involve...	作为数据采集领域的技术支持工程师，加入已建立的软件提供商的难得机会您的角色将涉及 ...	1
A rather dumb move on the hospitals part was the cause of it, so they say.	他们说，医院方面的一个相当愚蠢的举动是造成这种情况的原因。	1
Araucaria angustifolia occurs naturally on a variety of soils, from shallow to deep and from wet to well drained.	Araucaria angustifolia 自然出现在各种土壤上，从浅到深，从湿到排水良好。	1
A really poetic flow to the whole thing.	这是一个充满诗意的过程。	0
A recent research indicated that the crime rate of the people who have ever studied in liberal arts is lower than other citizens .	最近的一项研究表明，曾经在人文领域学习过的人的犯罪率低于其他公民。	0
A reception was held at Sioux Falls Convention Center.	在苏福尔斯会议中心举行了招待会。	0
A record by Craig Eliason of appearances of and references to famous works of art and architecture in the movies, arranged by period.	克雷格 · 埃利亚松（ Craig Eliason ）在电影中展示和引用著名的艺术和建筑作品的记录，按时期排列。	1
A regular portrait type pic, in the mode of the samples on the picture page.	普通的纵向类型照片，在图片页面上的样本模式下。	2
A regulator cannot approach a particular contractual term with a prejudged bias against such a term when applying unfair contract terms legislation.	监管机构在适用不公平的合同条款立法时，不能以预先判断的偏见对待特定合同条款。	0
Are men really capable of doing two things at one time?	男人是否真的能够同时做两件事？	0
A remote code execution vulnerability exists in Microsoft Word, and could be exploited when Word opens a specially crafted file.	Microsoft Word 中存在一个远程执行代码漏洞，当 Word 打开特制文件时，该漏洞可能被利用。	0
A report detailing the funding which will go towards the construction of a phased network was agreed at a meeting of the Full Council this afternoon.	今天下午的全体安理会会议商定了一份报告，详细说明将用于建设分阶段网络的资金。	1
Are records stored and retained in such a way that they are readily retrievable?	记录的存储和保留方式是否便于检索？	0
A Reserves Estimator should decline an assignment for which he or she is not qualified.	储备金估价人应拒绝他或她不具备资格的任务。	0
A resistance list must be available Application: Due to the specialized nature of the corrosion protection system, it is essential that only a qualified applicator is contracted for this application.	必须提供电阻列表应用：由于防腐蚀系统的特殊性质，因此只有合格的施源器才可用于此应用。	0
Are their clauses in contracts that minimize against any legal liability for lack of performance in the event of disaster or any other unusual circumstance?	合同中的条款是否将在发生灾害或任何其他异常情况时因业绩不佳而承担的法律责任减至最低？	2
Are the lobbyists really waiting for your plane to land?	难道游说者真的在等待你的飞机着陆吗？	2
Are there any special arrangements we need to make should you be invited for interview or offered the job?	如果邀请您面试或为您提供工作，我们是否需要做出特殊安排？	0
Are there any tools I can use to assess whether I'm teaching the right concepts at the appropriate grade level?	我是否有任何工具可以用来评估我是否在合适的年级讲授正确的概念？	0
Are there kids in the military system that feel the way he does?	在军事系统中，是否有孩子觉得自己的方式？	2
A revelation like that create such an irreparable wound on the heart...	这样的启示给心脏造成了无法弥补的创伤 ...	1
A review of the OECD Guidelines could elaborate on what is expected from business by governments and the societies in which they st operate in the 21 century.	对《经合组织准则》的审查可以详细说明政府和它们在 21 世纪开始运作的社会对企业的期望。	1
A review of the principles of physical geology, and an overview of current hypotheses and research in the field.	对物理地质学原则的审查，以及对目前的假设和实地研究的概述。	1
Are we not tuned up or tuned in usually?	我们是否通常不会被调整或调整？	2
Are you able to discuss all patients at your MDT meeting?	您是否能够在 MDT 会议上讨论所有患者？	1
Are you afraid people will criticize or complain your game is no fun?	您是否担心人们会批评或抱怨您的游戏没有乐趣？	0
Are you attempting a slight variation on the folded plugin?	您是否尝试在折叠插件上进行轻微改动？	1
Are you going to include regular updates of the scores in the internet so that I could get regular updates simply with a sync.	您是否要在互联网中定期更新分数，以便我只需同步即可获得定期更新。	0
Are you going to tell me whats going on.	你要告诉我发生了什么吗？	0
Are you in the area near Lake Annecy or did you know the family?	您是在安纳西湖附近的地区，还是认识了家人？	2
Are you just nice or is it something you put in your tea?	你是好的还是你在茶里放的？	2
Are you looking for an exercising option which is interesting and more benefiting?	您是否正在寻找一个有趣且更有好处的运动选项？	1
Are you looking for an opportunity in our Consultancy section?	您是否在我们的咨询部门寻找机会？	1
Are you one of the many people that dream of owning your own business?	您是梦想拥有自己企业的众多人之一吗？	1
Are you planning an option for fixed image ratio in the future?	您是否计划在将来使用固定图像比率选项？	0
Are you planning on a Harry and Yuusuke meeting?...	您是否计划举行一次 Harry 和 Yusuke 会议？ ...	1
Are you referring to eternal condemnation of some other type of judgment?	你是否指的是对某种其他判决的永久谴责？	0
Are you searching for a specific student credit card?	您是否正在搜索特定的学生信用卡？	0
Are you searching for HUD housing information and training programs?	您是否正在搜索 HUD 住房信息和培训计划？	0
Are you serious in saying that someone is selling out our profession because where they live they work as a stand alone mixer?	你是否认真地说有人在推销我们的职业，因为他们生活在哪里，他们作为一个独立的混音员工作？	2
Argentina said that he appreciated the format of a convention and the fact that the text is shorter, clearer and does not have excessive details.	阿根廷说，他赞赏公约的格式，以及案文较短，较清晰，没有过多细节。	1
A rigorous understanding of the errors and instabilities of the algorithms is necessary to assure correct computational results.	必须严格了解算法的错误和不稳定性，以确保正确的计算结果。	0
Arlyn swings her sword at the same person as last time and scores a solid blow.	阿尔林和上次一样，向同一人挥了剑，打了一个实打。	1
Arnold Schwarzenegger came out swinging on the stimulus bill before congress -- and against members of his own party.	阿诺德 · 施瓦辛格在国会面前对刺激法案和他自己政党的成员提出了反对。	1
A roundabout on the Dunshaughlin Road would be provided where this industrial estate meets the Dunshaughlin Road.	在这座工业园区与邓沙格林路交汇处将会有一个位于邓沙格林路的环形交叉路口。	2
Around him, what he thought was supposed to be walls were replaced by trees and grass.	在他周围，他认为应该是墙的地方被树木和草地所取代。	1
Around them, the bustle of people continues to flood into the park like water moving around a boulder in a stream, everyone in search of someone to see or someplace to go.	在他们周围，人们的熙熙攘攘继续涌入公园，就像水在溪流中的巨石周围流动，每个人都在寻找一个值得一看的地方或一个值得去的地方。	1
A route which she knew led to a donut shop.	她知道的一条路通向一家甜甜圈店。	2
Arriving from Cesena to Forlì from Via Emilia, it is possible to admire several examples of these monuments and buildings.	从 Cesena 到 Forlì ó n ，从 Via Emilia 到达，可以欣赏到这些纪念碑和建筑的几个实例。	2
Arterial tension low hypotension The people with arterial tension to the under average were said to suffer from low arterial tension.	动脉张力低低低低血压动脉张力低于平均水平的人据说患有低动脉张力。	2
Arthur brown is an English rock and roll musician who sang the song I am the god of hellfire in 1968 which made it to number one in the UK singles chart.	亚瑟 · 布朗是英国摇滚音乐家，他在 1968 年演唱了《我是地狱之神》这首歌，这首歌在英国单曲中排名第一。	1
Arthur could see it in his eyes he needed Arthur just as much as the Brit needed him.	亚瑟可以在他的眼中看到这一点——他需要亚瑟，就像布里特需要他一样。	1
Arthur tries to bite back a smile as he gets up from his bed and walks over to the window.	亚瑟试图在他从床上走到窗户的时候咬一个微笑。	2
Arthur Weasley was alongside her, trying to comfort his distraught wife, all the while fighting the tears and sobs which threatened to come out and break his control over his emotions.	亚瑟 · 魏斯利与她并肩作战，试图安慰他那心烦心的妻子，同时也与威胁要出来的眼泪和荞麦面作斗争，打破他对自己情绪的控制。	2
Article 4: The Administration Office will not issue any form of certificates until payment of tuition has been confirmed.	第四条：行政机关在确定学费支付之前，不发放任何形式的证书。	1
Article Photos On Dec. 1, residents here have a chance to learn more about the possible direction Chautauqua County and our region may be moving toward.	文章图片 12 月 1 日，这里的居民有机会了解更多关于 Chautauqua 县和本地区可能走向的方向。	1
Articles on Acharei Mos and Kedoshim There are no Thinking Outside the Box articles for Acharei Mos Kedoshim yet.	关于 Acharei Mos 和 Kedoshim 的文章没有想到 Acharei Mos Kedoshim 的包装盒内的文章。	2
Articles The articles section contains articles written by people who know their pheromones (or whatever related topic they are writing about).	文章文章部分包含由了解其球面（或他们正在撰写的任何相关主题）的人撰写的文章。	2
Article Tips to Focus Your Recruitment Efforts in Turbulent Times Now is the time to focus your recruiting strategies to attract more candidates and retain talent.	文章提示在动荡时期集中招聘工作现在是集中招聘战略吸引更多候选人和留住人才的时候了。	0
Artistic feeling The Aglaonema also easily maintains its own productivity.	阿格劳内马的艺术感也很容易保持自己的生产力。	1
Artists with links to one or more of the judges are being exhibited and awarded.	与一名或多名法官有联系的艺术家正在展出和获奖。	2
Art may indeed be long but life however is definitely too short, so which version do I find myself returning to again and again.	艺术可能确实很长，但生活肯定太短，所以我会一次又一次地回到哪个版本。	2
As a blind woman, it would be scary if my cane ever got distroyed.	作为一个失明的女人，如果我的拐杖被染色，那就会很可怕。	2
As a charter bus company we promise to our customers not to overcharge any unnecessary fees.	作为一家包租巴士公司，我们承诺不会向客户收取任何不必要的费用。	0
As a completely new Board, we wanted to provide the community with an update on Board activities and the HOA problems that we have encountered.	作为一个全新的董事会，我们希望向社区提供有关董事会活动和我们遇到的 Hoa 问题的最新信息。	1
As a family we do like to eat at different place.	作为一个家庭，我们喜欢在不同的地方吃饭。	2
A safety device is required on either the holder or the needle to comply with current standards for needle safety.	为了符合当前的针安全标准，需要在针座或针上安装安全装置。	0
A saffron harvest is shown in the Knossos palace frescoes of Minoan Crete,[2] which depict the flowers being picked by young girls and monkeys.	在米诺斯克里特岛的克诺索斯宫壁画中展示了藏红花的收获，这幅画描绘了年轻女孩和猴子拾取的花。	1
As aforementioned Interior Design is, in our mind, about creating a beautiful living area for our clients whilst sparing them much of the stress associated with renovation.	如上所述–我们认为，室内设计是为了为客户创造一个美丽的生活区，同时为他们减轻与翻修相关的大部分压力。	0
As a key figure for open data in the last administration, he details some of the pitfalls and problems he had.	作为上届政府开放数据的关键人物，他详细介绍了他所面临的一些陷阱和问题。	0
As always, I look at the stock pictures and forget to read the specs so I expected this to be a little bigger than what it actually is.	和往常一样，我看了股票图片，忘了阅读规格，所以我希望它比实际要大一点。	2
As a member of the University Relations and Development team, the incumbent will be expected to work collegially, and in partnership, with colleagues across campus.	作为大学关系和发展团队的成员，任职者将与校园内的同事共同合作。	0
As an alternative you could always ask recipients to choose which format to receive when signing up to your email newsletter.	作为替代方案，您可以随时要求收件人在注册电子邮件新闻简报时选择接收的格式。	0
As an employee of Soliant Health , high pay is only the beginning of the benefits...	作为 Soliant Health 的员工，高工资只是福利的开始 ...	0
As an engineer, improvements through the direct use of technology excites me.	作为一名工程师，通过直接使用技术进行的改进使我感到兴奋。	1
As any experienced reviewer reading this can attest, most of the time toys feel quite different than you expect them to.	正如任何一位经验丰富的评论家所看到的那样，玩具在大多数时间里都感觉与您预期的截然不同。	1
As a one of hundreds of thousands of war refugees, Reverend Moon arrived in the southern port city of Pusan, where he and one disciple built the first Unification Church from discarded army ration boxes.	作为数十万战争难民之一，文牧师来到了南部港口城市普桑，在那里，他和一个门徒用废弃的军口粮盒建造了第一个统一教会。	0
As a participant in 'A'ideen Camp in Syria described: I shall start with the PLO and the need to restore its dignity on the basis that it is the only legitimate representative of the Palestinian people.	作为叙利亚“阿迪安营”的一名参与者，我首先要谈到巴解组织，必须在它是巴勒斯坦人民唯一合法代表的基础上恢复其尊严。	2
As a recap of where all the characters are now, though, this accomplishes the task as well as gives a strange look into the past and a good setup for future issues.	但是，作为对所有角色的现状的回顾，这不仅完成了任务，还让我们对过去有了一个奇怪的认识，并且为未来的问题提供了良好的设置。	1
As a result, a lot of people got a lot of PCCW shares and had no choice in the matter.	因此，很多人获得了大量 PCCW 股份，在这件事上没有选择。	2
As a result, employees must be equipped to handle such situations quickly and effectively.	因此，员工必须具备快速有效地处理此类情况的能力。	0
As a result, he barely avoided being hit by the flying debris that was the result of these grenades exploding.	因此，他几乎没有避免被这些手榴弹爆炸造成的碎片击中。	1
As a result, Henan last year started to hold judges responsible for their rulings even after retirement to reduce the number of miscarriages of justice.	因此，去年河南开始追究法官在退休后的裁决责任，以减少误判的次数。	1
As a result of this we are required to place temporary anchor points on your roof to ensure we are cleaning your roof in the safest possible way.	因此，我们需要在您的车顶上放置临时锚固点，以确保我们以尽可能安全的方式清洁您的车顶。	0
As a result, technical obstacles such as locked bootloaders and restricted access to root permissions were common in many devices.	因此，在许多设备中，诸如锁定引导加载程序和限制对根权限的访问等技术障碍是常见的。	0
As a result, the fertility and mental health of the human population and aquatic life are severely under threat.	因此，人类和水生生物的生育率和精神健康受到严重威胁。	0
As a result the project structured itself into three distinct phases.	因此，该项目分为三个不同的阶段。	0
As a result the rear wheel drive can be destroyed .	因此，后轮驱动可能被破坏。	2
As a result, the United States, Japan and South Korea now find themselves within range of a North Korean nuclear missile attack.	因此，美国，日本和韩国现在发现自己处于北朝鲜核导弹袭击的范围之内。	0
As a result, you should look at your comprise systems typically to ensure that these are in a good shape and they are not getting too older.	因此，您通常应该查看您的构成系统，以确保这些系统的状态良好，并且不会变得太旧。	1
As a small aside you can now access an extensive set of help files on the web directly from the help applicaiton in photoshop.	作为一个小部分，您现在可以直接从 photoshop 中的帮助应用程序访问 Web 上的大量帮助文件。	1
As a source of valuable biblical knowledge, God taught forgiveness and Jesus taught of building the church through people instead of brick.	作为宝贵的圣经知识的源泉，神教我们宽恕，耶稣教我们通过人而不是砖来建造教堂。	1
As a teenager he was obsessed with Buddy Holly.	作为一个十几岁的孩子，他对 Buddy Holly 着迷。	0
As a television performer, he invites comparison with other eccentrics such as Patrick Moore, Magnus Pyke, and Lionel Fanthorpe, all of whom have popularised their particular fields of study for a mass audience.	作为一名电视演奏家，他邀请他与其他的中心学家进行比较，如帕特里克 · 穆尔，马格努斯 · 皮克和莱昂内尔 · 法桑普，他们都向大众宣传了他们的特定学习领域。	0
As a whole the members of the board are to represent different sectors and professional communities within the field of injury prevention.	作为一个整体，委员会的成员将代表预防伤害领域内的不同部门和专业团体。	1
As a woman, Isabella puts her female clients at ease and demonstrates to her male clients that women are capable of anything.	作为一名女性， Isabella 让女性客户感到轻松自在，并向男性客户表明女性能够胜任任何工作。	0
As both a journalist and a Christian, my curiosity was aroused by what I found in my research.	作为一名记者和一名基督徒，我的好奇心被我在研究中发现的东西所激发。	0
A school district near Belton, South Carolina is partnering with Sunbelt Staffing to hire a Speech Language Pathologist.	南卡罗来纳州贝尔顿附近的一个学区正在与 Sunbelt 的员工合作，雇佣一名语言病理学家。	2
A school examination of less importance, or of greater brevity, than others given in the same course.	与同一课程中的其他考试相比，学校考试的重要性较低，或较简短。	0
As concerns the delivery of financial aid, regionally owned funds have also been a prevalent topic amongst EPA actors.	在提供财政援助方面，区域拥有的资金也是环境保护局行为者的一个普遍话题。	1
A score is normally vertically aligned so as to represent visually the musical coordination desired in performance.	分数通常垂直对齐，以直观地表示在表演中所需的音乐协调。	2
A score of seven or more indicates a high likelihood of TB.	如果分数为 7 分或以上，则表示结核病的可能性很高。	0
Ascrivere Vampiro reviews Gianna has always been rather unordinary.	阿斯布里维尔 · 范皮罗的评论是詹娜一直都是不寻常的。	2
As each month passes we see Muslims becoming more and more vocal against lands which they moved into.	随着每个月的过去，我们看到穆斯林越来越多地对他们迁入的土地大声疾呼。	0
A searchable list can be found on this website.	可在此网站上找到可搜索列表。	0
A secondary element consisted of migrants from the Southern lowlands, from the Tidewater down to the Carolinas.	A secondary element consisted of migrants from the Southern lowlands, from the Tidewater down to the Carolinas.	2
A secondary package, comprising tools and services used within the company, is offered to assist small and home based businesses manage marketing campaigns, communicate easier and more widely with prospects and clients, and pay less tax.	第二套方案包括公司内部使用的工具和服务，旨在帮助小型和家庭企业管理市场营销活动，更轻松，更广泛地与潜在客户和客户沟通，并减少税收。	1
A second failure to attend is now a ground on which the Probation Service must report back to the court.	第二次未能出庭是缓刑犯局必须向法院报告的理由。	1
A second howl joined the first and she bit her lip.	第二个叫她的小号也加入了第一个，她咬了她的嘴唇。	1
A secret to having a successful home business is to treat it just like it is, a business.	成功的家庭企业的秘诀就是像对待企业一样对待家庭企业。	0
A sedentary lifestyle accounts for as many as 14 percent of all colon cancer cases in the United States.	定居生活方式占美国所有结肠癌病例的 14% 。	1
A sentencing date has not yet been scheduled for Langerman.	朗格曼的判刑日期尚未排定。	0
A series of line diagrams is given in each of Chapters IV, V, VI and the present chapter (VII), dealing with the geography of the Ararat region, orogenetic pattern and patterns of the descent of astral ice.	第四章，第五章，第六章和本章（第七章）分别列出了一系列的线图，涉及阿拉腊地区的地理，遗传学模式和天文学家的遗传模式。	1
A set of ruby eyes that bled indifference seemed to glare at her as he walked closer.	当他走近的时候，一双流于冷漠的红眼似乎对她眩光。	1
As evening encroached to twilight, they pulled off the main roads, no longer finding shade within the mountains looming over them.	随着夜幕降临到黄昏，他们从主要道路上拉开，不再在山间的阴影中笼罩着他们。	2
As family owned hotels our approach is total flexibility; we want to work with you to turn your dream wedding in to reality.	作为家庭经营的酒店，我们的方法是完全灵活；我们希望与您合作，将您的梦想婚礼变为现实。	1
As far as flaws, though the message is great in every song, the problem with this album is the spotty production and too many tracks have terrible hooks.	就缺点而言，虽然每首歌曲的信息都很好，但这本专辑的问题是制作时好时坏，而且太多的曲目都有可怕的挂钩。	2
As far as hardware is concerned the operating system of Blackberry is well designed.	就硬件而言， BlackBerry 的操作系统设计良好。	0
AS far as I could tell it was midnight, which was good.	我可以说是午夜，这是好的。	2
As far as lifting the sanctions, what leverage will remain will you have over Belgrade once these sanctions are lifted?	在解除制裁方面，一旦解除制裁，你将对贝尔格莱德有何影响？	1
As far as other tips for avoiding home business scams are concerned, there are a multitude of resources all over the Internet that list which opportunities are scams.	关于避免家庭商业欺诈的其他提示， Internet 上有大量资源列出了哪些机会是欺诈。	1
As far as pitching to magazines is concerned I think you would do better to write some blurb and pitch a complete article.	至于对杂志的推销，我认为你最好写一些话术，并发表一篇完整的文章。	0
As far as the authors know, the novel methodology proposed in this paper, which is able to estimate the combustion duration through measurements of the exhaust temperature, has never been published before in the related bibliography.	据作者所知，本文件中提出的新方法是能够通过测量废气温度来估计燃烧时间的，但这一方法从未在相关的文献目录中发表过。	2
As far as the underlying message goes, I think you both have a point.	就基本信息而言，我认为你们都有一个问题。	1
As financial products increase daily, it is inevitable for the institutions to create an environment as soon as possible by componentization of contents.	随着金融产品的日益增长，金融机构必须尽快通过内容的组成创造环境。	1
As for that being where his nindo begins....	这就是他的 nindo 开始的地方…	1
As for the Invid, the UEF lost to them in the 3rd War because it was still mopping up the Robotech Masters forces when the Invid invaded.	至于英式机器人，英式机器人在第三次战争中输给了他们，因为它在英式机器人入侵时仍在破坏罗布泰式大师的力量。	2
As for the Palestinians – Saddam TRIED to earn his stripes with the Palestinians by paying a bounty to the families of successful suicide bombers.	至于巴勒斯坦人——萨达姆试图通过向成功的自杀炸弹手家属支付一笔钱来赢得与巴勒斯坦人的合作。	1
As for the trapeze and aerial hoop his coach is Florence Delahaye.	至于吊架和空中吊索，他的教练是佛罗伦萨 · 德拉埃耶。	0
As for the worry that the new owners will bring in competing workers from China under the recent Free Trade Agreement, I doubt it, the workers can only come in where NZ is lacking in skills.	至於担心新业主会根据最近签订的自由贸易协定，引入来自中国的竞争工人，我怀疑他们只能在新西兰缺乏技能的地方来工作。	1
As for why Mangini is giving Anderson such a long leash when he virtually yanked Quinn by his after just 10 quarters remains unexplained except in the most generic and meaningless way.	至于为什么曼基尼给安德森这么长的鞭子，他在仅仅 10 个季度后几乎就对昆恩进行了一次大的亚当，除了最普通和毫无意义的方式之外，他还没有解释。	2
As Harry completed his turn back to what he thought was the castle, he found himself facing the dark figure of death once again.	当哈里回到他认为是城堡的时候，他发现自己又面对了一个黑暗的死亡数字。	2
Â She graces the stage with a style and stage presence that will have your audience captivated with her every word and gesture.	“她用风格和舞台表演来装饰舞台，让观众对她的每一个词和手势都充满了兴趣。	1
As he held Cas close, Dean conveyed everything he could into each and every one of his touches.	当他在 CAS 附近时，迪恩将他所能做的一切都传达给了他的每一个接触。	2
As he reappears around a corridor which happens to lead out of the courtyard.	当他重新出现在一条走廊周围时，这条走廊恰好从院子里走出来。	2
As her Masters wish Margaret has to fulfill it no matter what.	正如她的大师们所希望的那样，玛格丽特无论怎样都必须做到这一点。	1
As he rounded a corner, he nearly crashed into another familiar face.	他在一个角落里，差点撞上另一个熟悉的脸。	1
As he stepped inside, never once breaking their contact she heard the soft click of the door closing and leaned further into him until he was pressed against the door.	当他走进去的时候，她从来没有打断他们的接触，她听到门关着的软咔哒声，然后向他进一步倾斜，直到他被压到门。	2
As he thanked the technician for the holiday overtime, he was making a mental note of what Mallory was costing the Special Crimes budget.	由于他感谢技术人员的节假日加班时间，他在心里记下了 Mallory 为特别罪行预算付出的代价。	2
As his eyes panned over he saw a pod of intergalactic whales.	当他的眼睛俯瞰时，他看到了一群星系间鲸。	2
As his new lover carried on with working him over, he breathed deeply and nearly shuddered at the sweet scent that pervaded his nostrils.	当他的新情人继续在他身边工作时，他深深地呼吸着他鼻孔弥漫的甜味，几乎都在颤抖。	2
A short chapter on divorce and other social questions.	关于离婚和其他社会问题的简短章节。	0
A shy woman, she is reported to have been somewhat of a mystery even to her intimate friends.	据报道，她是一个害羞的女人，即使对她的亲密朋友来说，也有点神秘。	1
As I believe that some of the religious right far overstep their bounds, I believe the same thing of those with secular beliefs as well.	我相信一些宗教权利远远超出了他们的界限，我也相信那些有世俗信仰的人也是这样。	0
As I cried I said sorry, and asked Jesus back into my life.	就像我哭的那样，我说了对不起，并让耶稣回到我的生活。	1
As idarubicinol has cytotoxic activity it presumably contributes to the effects of IDA.	由于 idarubicinol 具有细胞毒性活性，因此它可能会导致 IDA 的影响。	1
Aside from actual and mini face lift, a number of people like to undergo a nose job which is known as rhinoplasty because they are able to alter their facial appearance drastically.	除了真正的和迷你的面部提升外，许多人还喜欢做鼻部工作，这种工作被称为鼻部成形术，因为他们能够大幅改变面部外观。	1
Aside from being unable to use any magic, the only other thing that frustrated her was the lack of awareness of what was happening in the Wizarding world.	除了不能使用任何魔法之外，唯一让她感到沮丧的是对魔法世界发生的事情缺乏认识。	0
Aside from having a comfortable bed this hotel offered very little in ambiance.	除了有一张舒适的床外，这家酒店的氛围很小。	1
Aside from the casual but fortunately only ocassional use of homophobic language and a tendancy for characters to drink and drive, this is a brilliant read.	除了随意但幸运的是，只有在 10 个月内使用仇视同性恋的语言和性格的饮酒和驾驶倾向之外，这是一个很好的解读。	2
Aside from the loss of poultry and other farm animals and even crops through feeding, coyotes can also carry any number of diseases and parasites that threaten both humans and animals.	除了通过喂食造成家禽和其他农场动物甚至作物的损失外，郊狼还可以携带任何数量的疾病和寄生虫，威胁到人类和动物。	0
As I filled out my laundry slip I encountered some problems.	当我填写完我的洗衣单时，我遇到了一些问题。	1
As if on queue, every eye turns to Hotch for an answer.	就像在排队一样，每只眼睛都转向热火来寻求答案。	1
As if that bastard was so special that they treated him differently from everyone else.	好像那只小胡子是如此的特别，他们对待他的方式和对待其他人的方式不同。	2
A significant number of employees will be needed for the expanding Casino industry and support employees for the vast number of baby boomers flocking to the Gulf beaches.	扩大的赌场行业需要大量员工，并为大量的婴儿潮一代人涌向海湾海滩提供支持。	1
As I have stated before, the US is a Huge Bloated Tanker of a ship and it takes time to turn that sort of thing in another direction.	正如我以前所说，美国是一艘巨大的船，需要时间将这类事情转向另一个方向。	0
A silence followed her words, and settled between the two for a few minutes.	她的话语之后，沉默了下来，两人之间在那几分钟内就平静下来了。	1
A similar rivalry spiced relationships within Giant itself, between those who worked below ground and the surface employees.	在巨人内部，在地下工作的人和表面工作的人之间也有类似的竞争。	1
A single tear slowly fell down her cheek.	一滴眼泪慢慢地倒在她的脸颊上。	2
A single toy donated will waive a single unpaid violation notice.	捐赠的一个玩具将免除一个未支付的违规通知。	0
As in Iran where they are alowed by the state to practice religion?	在伊朗，他们在那里被国家所崇拜，信奉宗教？	2
As in the case of the spin and orbital theories, which were naive in the beginning, the technique might have to accept the apparent forces and make theory fit observation until more is known.	就像旋转理论和轨道理论一样，这些理论一开始就天真，但技术可能必须接受表面的力量，并使理论适合观察，直到更多人知道。	0
As in the first three parts, basic game play consists of shooting stones and removing lines of three or more with the help of a moving wing shooter.	与前三部分一样，基本游戏包括射击石头和在移动翼射手的帮助下消除三条或三条以上的线。	0
As ips weld on 16 for these secondary studies increases, locations are ringing to exertion quicker webhost rate services.	随着这些二级研究的 IPS 焊接增加，各地点的 Web 主机速率服务越来越快。	1
As i remember you reviews This is how i remember you, of what we where, of what i wanted to become.	我记得你们的评论是我如何记住你们，我们在哪里，我想成为什么。	2
As I said I have reverted back to using an old Sky box (I had hoped to replace with the Humax) with all of the same stations perfect.	正如我所说的，我又回到了使用旧的天空盒（我原希望用 Humax 替换），所有相同的台站都是完美的。	2
As I said, this was an extreme case of bad judgement and firearm selection by the adults in charge.	正如我所说，这是一个极端的案件，由主管成年人作出错误的判断和选择枪支。	2
As it turns out, the only reason he came along was to expose the scientist and her colleagues for doing horrific sciency stuff to animals.	事实证明，他唯一的原因是让那些做可怕的科学工作的科学家和同事暴露给动物。	2
As I understand it, Powell is well versed with the mathematical and hydrological models previously conducted in the Raymond Basin by several water engineering firms.	据我所知，鲍威尔精通几家水工程公司以前在雷蒙德盆地进行的数学和水文模型。	0
As I walked down the steps to leave the place, I just bawled.	当我走下台阶离开这个地方时，我就惊醒了。	0
As I was suddenly supporting myself and trying to make ends meet, I came to appreciate how well my father provided for us.	当我突然支持自己并试图让目的相见时，我开始欣赏我父亲为我们提供的良好服务。	2
Ask a mover for their US DOT number and search for it here .	请向移动设备索取其美国网点号码并在此处搜索。	0
Ask for the prices for a few different dates if you call their reservations.	如果您致电预订，请询问几个不同日期的价格。	1
As kids from these areas are deprived of so many things, Kaingin believes that it is through education that they may be provided with uplifting from their misfortune.	由于来自这些地区的孩子被剥夺了如此多的东西，凯恩金认为，通过教育，他们可以从不幸中得到提升。	1
Ask me about it last year and I really did not know what it was.	问我去年的情况，我真的不知道是什么。	0
Ask one group to create a mural of a Beringian landscape as it may have looked in the past, using a large piece of paper or poster board.	让一组人使用一张大纸或海报板制作一幅伯灵根景观壁画，就像它在过去的样子。	2
Ask one our our experts and we would be happy to assist you.	请咨询我们的专家，我们很乐意为您提供帮助。	0
Ask them to mail you admissions packet and info about ASN.	要求他们向您发送入院数据包和有关 ASN 的信息。	0
Ask them to rotate the compass so that everyone gets a turn holding it and aligning the needle.	让他们旋转罗盘，以便每个人都能抓住它并对齐针。	2
Ask your bank for an overdraft line of credit to cover you.	请向您的银行索要覆盖您的透支额度。	2
A slightly troubled expression took over for a second before she relaxed again.	在她放松之前，一个稍微有点麻烦的言论接过了一秒钟。	2
A small amount of concentrate has been processed by a refinery but Rocmec is still waiting for Xstrata to schedule processing of sulphide concentrate delivered to the smelter.	一家炼油厂加工了少量浓缩物，但 Rocmec 仍在等待 Xstrata 安排交付给冶炼厂的硫化物浓缩物的加工。	1
A small country like Denmark has had some of the toughest energy and environmental pressures for a sustained period of time.	像丹麦这样的小国在一段持续的时间里承受了一些最严峻的能源和环境压力。	1
A small green fire was burning on the ground.	一场小的绿色火灾在地上燃烧。	1
A small part of himself noted the dramatic irony of the situation, but his attention was focused on attacking.	他自己的一小部分注意到了这一局势的巨大讽刺，但他的注意力集中在攻击上。	1
A small portable hair dryer with extension cord.	带延长线的小型便携式电吹风。	0
A small smirk played out on his lips as he crawled atop the man and adjusted to his relaxed position.	他在他的嘴唇上爬了一小块小铁木，并调整到他放松的姿势。	2
A smile that able to made my heart throbbing.	微笑让我心不在心。	2
As Miller claims, it is not power which forms the basis of the temporarily unequal relationship, other qualities are necessary in order to achieve the purpose of equality.	正如米勒所说的那样，权力不是暂时不平等关系的基础，而是为了实现平等的目的而必须具备其他素质。	1
A smirk came to him as he looked back to the incoming port.	当他回望入境港口时，一个小木工来了他。	2
As much as he could sniff at her if she dismissed his reading of choice, it would still hurt his pride as surely as if he had written the thing himself.	如果她不读他的选择，他就可以窥探她，但他的骄傲肯定会受到伤害，就像他自己写了这件事一样。	2
As much as I adore Brittana on the show, the fact remains that the characters are young and this kind of thing really could happen, especially if RM has his way and flunks Brittany.	就像我在表演中喜欢布列塔纳一样，事实仍然是角色年轻，这种事情真的可能发生，特别是如果 RM 有他的路，并且与布列塔尼展开了合作。	2
As much as I am raving about the hotel I do have a couple of issues.	虽然我对这家酒店赞不绝口，但我还是有几个问题。	0
As much as it pains him to see the man like this, he deserves this.	虽然他很痛苦地看到这样的人，但他值得这样做。	2
As much as it would be great to make money, saving time for many is a large plus.	赚钱的好处就在于，为许多人节省时间是一个很大的好处。	2
As my thoughts continued in ranting about Inuyasha, I started to turn on the heat and grab a large pot before turning on the radio.	随着我对伊努伊莎的思绪不断，我开始打开暖气，在打开收音机前抓住一个大锅。	2
As new facts are discovered and technologies mature and emerge, we will make the appropriate alterations to this plan to ensure we always have a roadmap to the future.	随着新的事实的发现和技术的成熟和出现，我们将对这一计划作出适当的修改，以确保我们始终有一个通往未来的路线图。	1
A social justice perspective will also tap into the strong commitment to helping people that typically brought health practitioners into their profession in the first place.	社会公正观点还将利用强有力的承诺，帮助那些通常首先将保健从业人员引入其职业的人。	1
A soft intake of breath was the only sound that accompanied the movements she made to face him; her curls slightly swaying back and forth.	她为面对他所做的动作，只有轻微的呼吸声，她的诅咒轻轻地来回晃动。	2
A soldier threw her on the bed and started to lift her skirts when Raoul came in and harshly reprimanded him.	一名士兵将她扔在床上，并开始抬起她的裙子，拉乌尔进来，严厉地斥责他。	1
As one form of technical assistance and support toward this end, TLC is sponsoring a pedestrian planning workshop for Minneapolis and adjoining communities in summer 2007.	作为为此目的提供的一种技术援助和支持， TLC 于 2007 年夏季为明尼阿波利斯和邻近社区举办了一个行人规划讲习班。	1
As one possible example, there may be a conflict between the applicable laws of two or more countries in which we do business, or between the Standards or Company policy and local law.	例如，我们开展业务的两个或多个国家 / 地区的适用法律之间，或者标准或公司政策与当地法律之间可能存在冲突。	0
As one who has always listened to him with great pleasure for many years in these debates, it is surprising to think that he [1263] has not been sitting below the Gangway all the time.	作为多年来在这些辩论中一直非常高兴地听取他的发言的人，令人惊讶的是，他 [1263] 一直没有坐在恒河下面。	2
A sound of flesh being pierced and blood spurting from bodies reached his ears, as well as two pained grunts, but the Yondaime felt no pain himself.	一种肉体被刺破，身体上的血流的声音，和两个痛苦的格伦，但 Yondaime 本人没有感到痛苦。	2
As part of every flower party, we teach everyone how to keep cut flowers looking fresh part of a flower.	作为每一个花卉派对的一部分，我们都教每个人如何保持切花看起来是鲜花的新鲜部分。	1
As part of that planning, of course, it is necessary not only to identify the capital costs but, in fact, to also identify the recurrent costs as a result of this project.	当然，作为这一规划的一部分，不仅需要确定资本成本，而且事实上还需要确定这一项目所产生的经常性成本。	0
A specially trained registered nurse contacts each new mother in Dare County and offers to provide a home visit to new mothers and their infants.	经过专门培训的注册护士与 DARe 县的每一位新母亲联系，并主动为新母亲及其婴儿提供家访。	0
Aspirant countries must develop the capacity to assume fully the obligations of membership by satisfying the political and economic conditions required.	有抱负的国家必须通过满足所需的政治和经济条件来发展充分承担成员义务的能力。	2
As players export most of the MGO cargoes to Asian markets, says source.	消息人士表示，随着玩家将大部分 MGO 货物出口到亚洲市场，	1
A splinter group of several hundred Lenape in the Colonies had accepted the teachings of German missionaries called Moravians.	在殖民地中有数百名伦佩族的分裂集团接受了德国传教士称为莫拉维人的教义。	2
As previously explained, no specific care has been taken into such expansion and maintenance of the processor per se in the conventional computer system.	如前所述，在传统计算机系统中对处理器本身的扩展和维护没有特别注意。	0
A spring Bayat flows into the river from its left side.	春天的巴亚特从河的左侧流入河中。	1
As recently as about two weeks ago we made our announcement in Newfoundland.	就在大约两周前，我们在纽芬兰宣布了这一消息。	0
As Regina followed she saw that Daniel had entered the kitchen now as well.	在 Regina 的跟随下，她看到 Daniel 现在也进入了厨房。	2
As 'research users' it is anticipated that the PAG will play a role in shaping the dissemination of the research so that it can be best utilised by services such as their own.	作为 " 搜索用户 " ，预计专业知识组将在影响研究的传播方面发挥作用，以便其自身等服务能够最佳地利用研究成果。	1
As result, investors want to purchase more shares of XYZ for their portfolios.	因此，投资者希望为其投资组合购买更多 XYZ 股份。	0
As said, in my opinion, the environment and mic positioning are much more important than the mic.	正如我所说的，我认为环境和麦克风定位比麦克风更重要。	1
Assembly and binding of each copy will happen inside the event space in a designated bindery area, where several sewing machines will be in operation.	每个副本的组装和装订将在指定的平构数据库区域的活动空间内进行，在该区域将有几台缝纫机投入使用。	1
Assessing need for child care Conducting an assessment of employees' needs will assist managers in deciding on the scope of the information and referral services.	评估育儿需求对雇员的需求进行评估将有助于管理人员决定信息和转诊服务的范围。	0
Assessment places the symptom in context, and ensures that physical and mental illnesses are not missed.	评估将症状与背景联系起来，并确保身体和精神疾病不会被遗漏。	0
Assessment was performed separately for the three intervals.	这三次评估是分开进行的。	0
As she began to fall Meghan felt strangely at peace.	当她开始倒下时，梅甘感到很奇怪的平静。	1
As she pushed against me, it was an easy matter to use her arm as leverage and roll her onto her back.	当她向我用力时，用她的手臂作为杠杆并将她向后翻滚是件容易的事。	1
As she walked into the living room of her house, she noticed a big brown book sitting on her coffee table.	当她走进她家的客厅时，她注意到一本大棕色的书坐在她的咖啡桌上。	2
As shown below, the Mask layer begins in perfect alignment with the masked shape of the full moon which is the white circle shown in (A).	如下图所示，蒙片层从与满月的蒙片形状完美对齐开始，即（ A ）中所示的白色圆圈。	1
Assisting and guiding companies already located or considering to locate in Frankfurt.	协助和指导已经或正在考虑在法兰克福的公司。	2
Assists incoming bid applications and prepares a short list based on the established criteria.	协助收到的投标申请，并根据既定标准编制一份简短的名单。	1
Assist with analysis of data and record results of inspection activity.	协助分析数据并记录检查活动的结果。	0
As somebody from a previously communist country, what did you try to bring in to the General Conference as president, from your experience of having lived through totalitarianism?	作为一个来自前共产主义国家的人，你从你通过极权主义生活的经历中试图为大会主席带来什么？	2
As soon as a Heavenletter is written down, I send it to a special account that Mojah Media set up.	当文信被写下来后，我就把它寄到了 Mojah Media 设立的一个特别账户上。	2
As soon as both of their auras connected they disappeared in a burst of high speed Shunpo.	两个极光连接起来后，他们就在高速顺浦的爆破中消失了。	2
As soon as Damon saw Bonnie running, he knew something had happened.	当达蒙看到邦妮跑了，他就知道发生了什么事。	0
As soon as I finish reading the Mortal Instruments series I shall read those fanfics and I shall know what everyone is talking about!	我一读完《致命的乐器》系列，就会读出这些狂热的漫画，我就会知道每个人都在谈论什么！	1
As soon as she reached the bottom of the stairs she flicked her gaze over to the corpse on the floor.	她一到楼梯的底部，就用她的目光盯着地板上的尸体。	2
As soon as the dough has doubled in size, you should test to see if it is finished rising.	一旦面团的尺寸翻了一番，您就应该进行测试，看看它是否已经完成了上升。	2
As soon as the Mexican papers are finalized, Nick will take her to Gloucestor, Virginia, where she will be buried in the Hopkins family plot at Ware Episcopal Church.	一旦墨西哥的论文定稿，尼克将带她去弗吉尼亚州的格洛斯特斯托尔，她将被埋葬在圣皮斯科帕教堂的霍普金斯家族阴谋中。	2
As such it should be heard in the ecumenical community of churches, and its concerns have to be taken seriously.	因此，在教会的全教会中应该听到这种情况，必须认真对待它的关切。	1
As such, monetary policy works only indirectly through the interest rate channel.	因此，货币政策只能通过利率渠道间接运作。	0
As such the book can also be used as a textbook to learn how to present data.	因此，这本书也可用作学习如何提供数据的教科书。	0
As such, you also have an added responsibility for public areas like hallways, lobbies and recreational facilities.	因此，您还对公共区域（如走廊，大堂和娱乐设施）负有额外的责任。	1
Assuming that you do earn an interior design degree, you can work for a design firm or become an independent contractor where you manager your clients at your own time and behest.	假设您确实获得了内部设计学位，您可以在设计公司工作或成为独立承包商，在自己的时间和意愿下管理您的客户。	1
A Stable Environment The establishment of a consensual partnership for the managing the economy involving Government and Social Partners has contributed to moderate wage increases, progressive tax deductions and sustained job creation.	稳定的环境政府和社会伙伴共同建立管理经济的伙伴关系有助于适度增加工资，逐步减税和持续创造就业机会。	0
A standard sparse coding is adopted at this early encoding stage.	在早期编码阶段采用标准稀疏编码。	0
A steel wall could not pray for his life to begin with though.	但钢墙不能为他的生命祈祷。	2
As the bass and piano create a melancholy melody, Wonder harmonizes with his harmonica in a way that is pensive and there is the sense of autumn and reminiscing in the sound of the music.	当低音和钢琴创造出一种旋律般的旋律时，奇迹以一种令人沉郁的方式与他的谐波和谐和谐，在音乐的声音中有秋天和回忆的感觉。	2
As the conversation terminated, it was agreed that Dobrynin would report back to Moscow and when he received new instructions would request a further meeting with the Secretary.	随着对话的结束，会议商定 Dobrynin 将向莫斯科报告，当他收到新的指示时，将要求与秘书再举行一次会议。	2
As the current data rate is determined by the combination of these parameters, the data rate of each individual logical channel can be predetermined with maximum efficiency.	由于当前数据速率由这些参数的组合决定，因此可以以最高效率预先确定每个逻辑信道的数据速率。	0
As the door closed, Suzie slowly moved around me until she was leaning against the desk.	当门关上时， Suzie 慢慢地在我周围移动，直到她靠在桌子上。	2
As the girl stopped what she was doing and looked at Naruto with wide eyes.	当女孩停止她正在做的事时，她用广眼望着纳鲁托。	1
As the hotter lava flowing around the tree drained away it left the cooler lava still clinging to the burning tree, which results in the shapes you will see along this trail.	随着树木周围的热熔岩被排出，冷却熔岩仍粘在燃烧的树中，这会导致您在这条小径上看到的形状。	2
As the interview progressed it was clear that Chef Holli has as much love of being with people as she does preparing food.	随着访谈的进展，很明显，霍利厨师对与人在一起的热爱与她准备食物的热爱一样。	2
As the marched into the elevator the lines split up into four smaller lines of five, this put each to them in the corners closest to the guards.	当它们进入电梯时，它们被分成四条较小的一行，每条一行五人，这使它们位于最靠近护罩的角落。	2
As the military strongmen in power purged uncooperative civil officials who had patronized textual Buddhism, relations between the military regime and textual Buddhist temples turned violent.	当军事当权者清除了那些支持文字佛教的不合作的文职官员时，军事政权和文字佛教寺庙之间的关系变得暴力。	1
As the numbers in laptop sales grow numbers of notebook theft also increase dramatically and exponentially.	随着笔记本电脑销量的增长，笔记本电脑失窃的数量也大幅增加，呈指数级增长。	0
As the picture the color of the bridal gown is ivory.	正如图片所示，新娘面纱的颜色是象牙色。	0
As these groups are formalized I will be adding contact information for each group.	随着这些小组的正式化，我将为每个小组添加联系信息。	0
As the Senior Pastor I want to invite you to check out this video and see what we are about.	作为资深牧师，我想邀请你们观看这段视频，看看我们的情况。	1
As the shadow Cabinet member of the Manitoba government responsible for transportation, I wish to thank all persons involved in the trucking industry for their hard work and dedication.	作为马尼托巴政府负责运输的影子内阁成员，我要感谢所有参与卡车运输行业的人的辛勤工作和奉献。	1
As the solar market continues to become more competitive, manufacturers and distributors are forced to expand their services and adapt to consumer trends.	随着太阳能市场的竞争力不断增强，制造商和分销商被迫扩大其服务并适应消费者趋势。	0
As the temperature decreases, the relative humidity increases to a point where the moisture will condense out of the air as the temperature continues to fall .	随着温度的降低，相对湿度将上升到温度持续下降时水分将从空气中凝结的程度。	2
As the very idea of the midlife crisis turns 40 this year -- it was coined in 1965 by Canadian psychologist Elliot Jacques -- it is undergoing something of a midlife crisis of its own.	随着中年危机的概念在今年达到 40 ，这一概念是由加拿大心理学家埃利奥 · 雅克（ Elliot Jacques ）于 1965 年提出的，它正在经历自己的中年危机。	1
As they have been given and provided with various exemptions and concessions, it is quite reasonable that they should be answerable to Indians about their processing, and other activities.	As they have been given and provided with various exemptions and concessions, it is quite reasonable that they should be answerable to Indians about their processing, and other activities.	2
As time goes on, some of these other methods may become outdated or the site that holds them could be shut down.	随着时间的推移，其他一些方法可能已经过时，或者存放这些方法的站点可能会关闭。	2
Astle made his next 45 from 60 deliveries, still a fast rate considering he and Bell had to turn the innings round, first with defence and then with sensible collection of the runs.	阿斯尔从 60 次分娩中获得了下 45 次，但考虑到他和贝尔必须先防守，然后再进行明智的投球，他的投球速度仍然很快。	2
As to the claims relating to the four remaining positions, the court granted summary judgment on the ground that Morgan had failed to establish a prima facie case of discrimination or retaliation.	关于其余四个职位的申诉，法院以摩根未能确定一个表面证据确凿的歧视或报复案件为理由，作出了即决判决。	2
Astrolabe The earliest evidence of use of the stereographic projection in a machine is in the writing of the Roman author and architect Vitruvius (ca.	在机器中使用立体投影的最早证据是罗马作家兼建筑师维特鲁维斯（加拿大）的著作。	0
Astronauts on a planetary exploration will be exposed to these galactic cosmic rays which consist of a different spectrum of energies.	行星探索中的宇航员将接触这些星系宇宙射线，这些星系宇宙射线由不同的能量谱组成。	0
A strong and reliable two to four man model would cost between two and three hundred dollars.	一个强大而可靠的 2 到 4 人模型的成本将在 200 到 300 美元之间。	1
A structured interview designed to discover all relevant information and assess the competencies of the applicant is an efficient method of focusing on the match between job and candidate.	旨在发现所有相关信息并评估申请人能力的结构化面试是关注工作与候选人之间匹配的有效方法。	1
A student can never really understand the work of a journalist until he or she experiences being one first hand.	学生在亲身体验记者的工作之前，永远无法真正理解记者的工作。	0
A STUDENT Karachi Sending children for adoption OF late, offers for adoption of infants through the internet have given birth to a lucrative business.	卡拉奇的一名学生把孩子送去收养，通过互联网提出收养婴儿的建议，这一现象已经产生了一个利润丰厚的企业。	1
A study of phonetograms in young brain damaged people.	一项关于年轻大脑中的造影的研究对人造成了伤害。	2
A study published this month in the journal Molecular Autism confirms previous research that people with Asperger Syndrome (AS) are more likely to carry specific variations in a particular gene.	本月在《分子自闭症》杂志上发表的一项研究证实了以前的研究，即患有阿斯伯格综合征的人更有可能在特定基因中出现特定变异。	1
A sudden burst of anger had risen to his face and Tadashi had stood up.	他的脸上突然爆发了愤怒，而 Tadashi 站了起来。	1
A suitable avirulent virus may be a naturally occurring avirulent virus or an artificially attenuated virus.	合适的致命病毒可能是自然发生的致命病毒或人为衰减的病毒。	1
A suite I edited together a few years ago for a compilation.	几年前我一起编辑的套件，用于编译。	1
As U Khat Htein Nan from No (1) constituency of Kachin State was the only nominee, he was elected as Chairperson of the first Amyotha Hluttaw regular session.	由于克钦邦第 (1) 选区的 U khat Htein Nan 是唯一的候选人，他当选为第一届阿米约塔 · 赫鲁托法常会主席。	0
A sunbonnet definitely helps you get into character.	太阳帽绝对能帮助您融入个性。	1
A surprised Haruko gasped as she heard him say her name.	一个令人惊讶的哈鲁科听到他说她的名字时，她喘了气。	2
As used herein, nucleotide degeneracies refers to the phenomenon that one amino acid can be encoded by different nucleotide codons.	如本文所述，核苷酸退行性指的是一种氨基酸可由不同的核苷酸编码的现象。	0
As was pointed out earlier, the target microfinance market is changing to include the poorest.	如前所述，目标微额供资市场正在转变为包括最贫穷者。	2
As we are definitely not a pro team, practicing and then executing lead outs in races is not high on the priority list.	由于我们绝对不是一支专业团队，因此在比赛中练习并随后执行领先优势并不是优先考虑的问题。	1
As we each get closer to old age, these questions are more likely to come up.	当我们每个人都接近老年时，这些问题更有可能出现。	1
As we get closer to the surface the tissues compartment that prevents our ascent (controlling tissue) is the slower compartment and therefore we have to wait longer for them to offgas to an acceptable level.	随着我们越来越靠近表面，阻止我们上升的组织室（控制组织）是较慢的组织室，因此我们必须等待更长的时间，让它们将气体释放到可接受的水平。	1
As well as I would love to find out what happened to Charlie after he left.	我也很想知道查理离开后发生了什么。	0
As well as teaching within the Department of Psychology, Dr Proulx will also be working with computer scientists at Queen Mary and Goldsmiths University on the next stage of his research.	除了在心理学部内进行教学外，普鲁特博士还将在玛丽皇后大学和戈德斯密斯大学的计算机科学家的下一个研究阶段与他合作。	0
As we mentioned, benign enlargement of the prostate gland is extremely common in Caucasian men over 50, less so in men of Asian origin and rare in black men.	正如我们所提到的，前列腺良性扩大在 50 岁以上的高加索人中极为常见，在亚洲血统的男子中则较少，在黑人男子中则罕见。	0
As we move out in faith to rebuild our congregation are we going to make mistakes?	当我们为重建我们的教会而采取的行动时，我们是否会犯错误？	2
As we see it in Russia, the United Nations is to play a central and coordinating role in our joint efforts to make our world more democratic, more just and through that more secure to live in.	正如我们在俄罗斯所看到的那样，联合国将在我们的共同努力中发挥核心和协调作用，使我们的世界更加民主，更加公正，并通过这一努力更安全地生活在其中。	1
As we walked past the different windows I saw his eyes get as big a dinner plates.	当我们走过不同的窗户时，我看到他的眼睛像盘子一样大。	1
As will be seen later in this judgment, the authorities relied upon by Mr Nugent invariably deal with instances where parties married in community of property endeavoured to change to out of community of property.	从这一判决的后面部分可以看出， Nugent 先生所依赖的当局总是处理以财产共有方式结婚的当事方试图改变为脱离财产共有的情况。	1
As with almost all milk stouts, sweetness wins the day, as the lactose (a sugar which yeast cannot convert to alcohol) plays tag team with the vanilla to keep the darker flavors subdued.	与几乎所有的奶粉一样，甜味性也赢得了一天，因为乳糖（酵母不能转化为酒精的糖）与香草队一起使用，以保持较暗的口味的柔和。	2
As with anything there are pros and cons of using these cards.	和其他任何东西一样，使用这些卡有利弊。	0
As with everything else coming from userspace, the checkpoint file should be completely untrusted.	与其他所有来自用户空间的文件一样，检查点文件应该完全不受信任。	1
As with last year, we are having a horrible summer for great entertainers passing away.	和去年一样，我们正经历着一个可怕的夏天，伟大的表演者正在去世。	1
As yet there are no limits or caps imposed on individual emitters or sectors.	到目前为止，还没有对个别排放者或部门施加任何限制或上限。	0
As you know in the business world males can and do patronize women.	正如你所知，在商业世界中，男性可以而且确实光顾女性。	2
As you play the story you can earn customization costumes for the characters you play as in story mode, earn money to buy custom costume pieces, and unlock other things.	当您播放故事时，您可以为您在故事模式下所扮演的角色赢得定制服装，赚取购买定制服装的钱，以及解锁其他东西。	2
As you stand at the crossroads of your future, finding the right therapist will be vital to the success of your journey.	当您站在未来的十字路口时，找到合适的治疗师对于您的旅程的成功至关重要。	1
As you will see Mr Flint could not get his facts right or was he misleading shareholders or was this just another weakness by the Chairman.	你会看到弗林特先生无法正确了解他的事实，或者他误导了股东，或者这只是主席的另一个弱点。	2
At 22 pages, it is longer than the entire chapter on Set Theory and it includes numerous well chosen examples and problems.	在 22 页上，它比《设定理论》的整个章节更长，它包括了许多精心挑选的例子和问题。	1
At 24 weeks the doctors told us that our gravely ill unborn baby would surely die.	在 24 周，医生告诉我们，我们严重疾病的未出生婴儿肯定会死亡。	1
At AARP, we recognize the challenges that Social Security faces in the coming years, and we believe that the sooner we take action to meet those challenges, the smaller the adjustments that have to be made.	在美国退休人员协会，我们认识到未来几年社会保障所面临的挑战，我们认为，我们越早采取行动应对这些挑战，就必须作出的调整就越小。	1
A tall man with black hair that fell to his shoulders, and bangs long enough that covered his eyes entered the camp.	一个头发黑的高大男子摔倒在肩膀上，还在眼睛上留了足够长的时间，他进入了营地。	2
At any one time, one was in the house of the Lord serving, and one was in the field serving in the military.	在任何时候，有一人在主的房子里服役，一人在战场上服役于军队。	2
At a second meeting in May in London, the consolidated draft proposal was further discussed with a wider round of experts from different countries, disciplines and backgrounds.	在 5 月于伦敦举行的第二次会议上，与来自不同国家，学科和背景的更广泛的专家进一步讨论了综合提案草案。	1
A tax attorney though the privilege is solid.	虽然特权是可靠的，但却是一名税务律师。	2
A team of students from one of our High Schools put together some emergency aid kits.	我们的一所高中的学生团队将一些急救包放在一起。	1
A tear left her eye and she quickly brushed it away.	她的眼睛被撕裂了，她很快就把它拉走了。	2
A tear rolls down his face as he steps back, and I grim back at him like old times.	当他走回来的时候，他脸上的泪水就开始撕裂，我就像回到了旧时代一样，对他也是一种冷酷。	2
A temporary license may only be renewed twice for a total maximum duration of three years.	临时许可证只能续期两次，最长期限为三年。	0
A tender or a dinghy can be used to explore the stunning caves and inland lakes of the bay.	可以使用一个小艇或一个小艇来探索海湾的迷人洞穴和内陆湖泊。	2
At first boot, you only have to install the DVD containing the drivers Bootcamp.	首次引导时，您只需安装包含驱动程序 Bootcamp 的 DVD 。	0
At first I kept telling him on the phone that he was making the whole earthquake story up.	起初，我一直在电话里告诉他，他正在制作整个地震的故事。	2
At first she thought it was only the receiver for the missing controller, but one day she hit it just the right way.	起初，她以为这只是丢失的控制器的接收器，但有一天她击中了它，这是正确的。	2
At first, the operations won popular support from residents weary of constant battles between drug gangs.	起初，这些行动得到了对毒品团伙之间不断战斗感到厌倦的居民的普遍支持。	0
At first the sugar would dissolve and look like water, but eventually the water could hold no more sugar and the sugar settled at the bottom of the beaker.	起初糖会溶解，看起来像水，但最终水不能再容纳糖，糖就会在烧杯底部形成。	0
At first you may not realize that conficker, Kido, win32, viruses or trojans have got into your computer if you do not have Internet security and antivirus software.	首先，如果您没有 Internet 安全和防病毒软件，您可能不会意识到 Conficker ， Kido ， Win32 ，病毒或木马已经进入您的计算机。	2
A thank you to all of them for their help and new found friendship.	感谢他们的帮助和新发现的友谊。	2
A: The required functions of ATF and CVT Fluids are fundamentally different.	答： ATF 和 CVT 油液所需的功能基本不同。	0
At her relatively young age her voice shows extraordinary promise.	在她相对年轻的时候，她的声音表现出了非凡的希望。	2
Athletics brings brotherhood to this chapter and we plan to keep building on that brotherhood and compete at a top level with the other fraternities.	体育运动给这一章带来了兄弟情谊，我们计划继续在这种兄弟情谊的基础上再接再厉，并与其他兄弟情谊进行最高级别的竞争。	2
At home, one can take Ibuprofen to reduce pain and inflammation or use a warm compress to ease their symptoms.	在家中，可以使用伊布洛芬来减少疼痛和炎症，或使用热压缩来缓解症状。	1
A thorough understanding of these alloys is needed for developing reliable life prediction methodologies.	要制定可靠的生命预测方法，就需要对这些合金有透彻的了解。	1
Atlanta Cavalier Meetup News - Hi all, I am resending this information out for the meetup members for consideration.	亚特兰大骑士队新闻 - 大家好，我将把这些信息重新发送给聚会成员，供他们考虑。	1
Atlantic City is within driving distance and offers a wide spectrum of....	大西洋城距酒店仅几步之遥，提供多种多样的…	0
At last the Church was divided up into several hostile bodies with difference in doctrine.	最后，教会被分成几个敌对的机构，在理论上有所不同。	1
At last Wright, who up until now seemed to have taken root on the spot, entered the cabin and approached the desk.	最后，直到现在似乎已经在现场生根的赖特，进入机舱并接近桌子。	0
At least 17 people have been killed in protests since the election last week.	自上周选举以来，至少有 17 人在抗议中被杀害。	0
At least he got rid of that horrible orange jump suit.	至少他已经摆脱了那种可怕的橙色跳跃服。	0
At least he realizes that he has a problem and we can try to work past it.	至少他意识到他有一个问题，我们可以努力解决这个问题。	1
At least I know why Bck and Trina as dating in the first place.	至少我知道为什么 Bck 和 Trina 在第一个地方约会。	0
At least my pings at ping sg, gets ranked in Google Search and I get indirect search hits via those listings.	至少我在 ping SG 中的 ping 在 Google Search 中排名，我通过这些列表获得间接搜索结果。	1
At least one author of the accepted paper must register for paper to be presented and for to be published in proceedings.	接受的纸张至少有一个作者必须登记，以便在诉讼程序中提交和发表纸张。	1
At least one of these members should be a currently practising medical practitioner or health professional.	这些成员中至少应有一人是目前正在执业的医生或保健专业人员。	0
At least one picture set is required if the Pictures node is present in the request.	如果请求中存在“图片”节点，则至少需要一个图片集。	0
At least, your mother thought long and hard about the consequences of having children when she had you.	至少，你的母亲对孩子的后果一直在深思，当她把你生了孩子。	2
At night the position the observation past may be moved to a closer position and become an LP or listening post.	在晚上，观察过去的位置可能会更近一些，成为 LP 或收听帖子。	2
At no time before the first people in there.	在那里的第一批人面前，任何时候都是如此。	1
Atomic features can not be decomposed and start with a lowercase letter.	原子特征不能分解并以小写字母开头。	1
At one and the same time science concentrates on the solution of immediate practical problems, and undertakes fundamental researches dictated by the requirements of theoretical advance and aspiring to results far beyond current practice.	与此同时，科学集中于解决眼前的实际问题，并根据理论进步的要求进行基础研究，并渴望取得远远超出当前实践的成果。	0
At one point the alarms went off and the docs &amp; nurses started yelling about his blood pressure being way too low.	有一个时候，报警器就响了，医生和护士开始大喊大叫，说他的血压太低了。	1
A total of 11 are selected in Canada and make up the Rhodes class of 2010.	加拿大共有 11 人入选，构成 2010 年罗兹岛的一个类别。	1
At present, we propose that direct expression accounts cannot fully explain all situations that involve automatic behavior following priming of social categories.	目前，我们建议直接表达式账户不能充分解释所有涉及社会类别启动后自动行为的情况。	1
A tractor mows the land next door, separated by a wire and wood fence that children lean on to wave to the farmer as he passes by.	一辆拖拉机在隔壁的土地上行驶，用铁丝和木栅栏隔开，孩子们在经过时靠在围栏上向农民挥舞。	2
A trade mark indicates to the public that the goods or services associated with it originate with a particular trader, and serves to distinguish such goods or services from those of other traders.	商标向公众表明，与之相关的货物或服务源于某一特定的贸易商，并有助于将此类货物或服务与其他贸易商的货物或服务区分开来。	0
A transmitter consists of an image capturing station and at each station, the 3D range images are compressed before being transmitted.	发射器由一个图像采集站组成，在每个工作站， 3D 范围图像在传输前都会被压缩。	0
A true act creates the conditions of its own possibility.	一个真正的行为创造了其自身可能性的条件。	1
At some point in time some might argue that the economy will not perform as well, and when that happens there might be some sort of a need for cutbacks.	在某个时候，有些人可能会说经济不会那么好，而在这种情况下，可能会有某种削减的需要。	2
At such times the drive became really quite exciting, and all our weariness was forgotten.	当时的驾驶变得非常令人兴奋，我们所有的疲劳都被遗忘了。	1
At such times the Party should take immediate initiative to launch urban militia without exposing all its forces.	在这种情况下，该党应立即采取主动，发动城市民兵，而不让其所有部队暴露出来。	1
Attendees select the content and run the discussion, with a facilitator or on their own.	参与者选择内容并与讲师或自己进行讨论。	2
Attendees will have the opportunity to learn firsthand about the crucial role primary sources play in understanding the past.	与会者将有机会直接了解主要来源在了解过去方面所起的关键作用。	1
Attending a workshop with a required role play of skills.	参加具有所需技能角色扮演的研讨会。	1
Attending campus speeches and talks by visitors from the business community is also a good way to meet people.	参加校园演讲和商业界访客的谈话也是会见人们的好方法。	0
At that age, the only thing he taught me was whence to make the ball I was shooting.	在那个时代，他教我的唯一一件事是，我要做我正在射的球。	2
At that moment a small girl walked into their room.	这时，一个小女孩走进了房间。	0
At that moment in time there was nothing in the room but each other and the irresistible need to reach completion.	当时，会议室里什么都没有，但彼此之间都没有，不可抗拒的人需要完成。	2
At that moment, it was as if she had thrown away all that she had learned at the agency.	当时，她好像把她在该机构学到的一切都扔掉了。	1
At that point all the demi gods walked out of the hall.	那时，所有的神都从大厅里走了出来。	1
At that time my mom opened the door to the bathroom.	当时我妈妈打开了浴室的门。	0
At that time the Palais des Nations was still under construction.	当时万国宫仍在建设中。	0
At the bottom, the point was imbedded into a perfectly smooth gray sphere.	在底部，点被嵌入到一个完全平滑的灰色球中。	1
At the core of this discussion is the idea workers' councils as both a means of fighting capitalism and as the framework of the new society which will replace it.	这一讨论的核心是工人委员会这一理念，它既是打击资本主义的手段，也是将取代资本主义的新社会的框架。	0
At the end of that time it is supposed they began to suspect that they were shelling abandoned works, for their fire rapidly slackened, and soon ceased altogether.	到了那段时间，他们开始怀疑他们在炮击废弃的工程，因为他们的火力迅速减弱，很快就完全停止了。	1
At the end of the day you are buying a diamond not a piece of paper, so we emphasise that you must view the diamond you are considering purchasing.	在一天结束时，您购买的是钻石而不是一张纸，因此我们强调您必须查看您正在考虑购买的钻石。	2
At the end of the nineties, there was an evident economic divergence between the USA and Europe.	九十年代末，美国和欧洲之间的经济差距明显。	0
At the end of the year, they expect that their credit will have improved enough that they can qualify for a better interest rate.	到年底，他们预计他们的信用将得到足够的改善，从而有资格获得更高的利率。	0
At the end the discussion, participants are encouraged to revive their own sense of wonder by visiting a national wildlife refuge or some other special place where they can experience the natural world first hand.	讨论结束时，鼓励与会者参观国家野生动物保护区或其他一些可以亲身体验自然世界的特殊场所，从而恢复他们自己的好奇心。	0
At the headquarters of the United Front Committee relief is given upon one condition only: that the applicant is in need of help.	在联合阵线委员会总部，只能根据一个条件给予救济：申请人需要帮助。	0
At their most radical, projects are sidestepping the conventional researcher/ research subject divide to pursue an approach best described as the joint production of knowledge between researchers and practitioners.	这些项目最激进的是，它们正在回避传统的研究人员 / 研究课题的划分，以采用最恰当地描述为研究人员和从业人员共同创造知识的方法。	2
At the mention of his parents his eyes filled with tears again.	当他的父母提到他的时候，他的眼睛又充满了眼泪。	2
At the oceanfront Florblanca Resort, located on the tip of the Nicoya Peninsula near Playa Santa Teresa, horseback riding, surfing and yoga are just some of the activities within easy reach.	海滨的 Florblanca 度假村位于尼科亚半岛的顶端，靠近 Playa Santa Teresa ，骑马，冲浪和瑜伽都很方便。	0
At the report launch I spoke to Keyr Warsame about his experience of the police in Braybrook.	在报告发布时，我与 Keyr Warsame 谈了他在布莱布鲁克的警察经历。	0
At the same time another majority Muslim nation called Egypt gets enormous amounts of American economic aid but does this help the Coptic Christians?	与此同时，另一个被称为埃及的穆斯林占多数的国家获得了大量的美国经济援助，但这是否有助于科普特基督徒？	1
At the same time, teachers' earnings have risen significantly and incentives have been provided to encourage better results.	与此同时，教师的收入大幅度增加，并提供了鼓励措施，以鼓励取得更好的成果。	0
At the same time, under Section 94 of the Act, applications to be treated as an eligible overseas elector could only be made within one year of leaving Australia.	同时，根据该法第 94 条，被视为合格海外选民的申请只能在离开澳大利亚后一年内提出。	0
At the secondary level, teaching personnel has been made up of advanced students, university students and certified teachers.	在中学一级，教学人员由高级学生，大学生和认证教师组成。	1
At the third door she stopped and put her ear to the cool mahogany.	在三门，她停下来，把耳朵放在凉爽的红木上。	2
At the time it seemed like a good call.	当时，这似乎是一个好的呼吁。	0
At the time most intellectuals viewed central planning as the best way to ensure a bright and bountiful future for mankind.	当时，大多数知识分子认为中央规划是确保人类未来光明和富足的最佳方式。	1
At the time of the derailment, people had been working in the field near a backhoe just meters away from where the wreckage landed.	在出轨时，人们一直在一个反铲附近的田地工作，距离残骸着陆的地方只有几米远。	2
At the Turner Classic Movies 2010 Classic Film Festival, screenwriter and actor Buck Henry revealed that he was an extra in the scene when Tony Curtis gets his hand caught in the door.	在 2010 年特纳经典电影经典电影节上，剧本作家和演员巴克 · 亨利透露，当托尼 · 柯蒂斯手被抓住时，他是一个额外的场景。	2
At the very beginning ions are produced in the ion source using a plasma.	从一开始，离子就使用血浆在离子源中产生。	2
At this place you really need to be careful what you ask for, because it will show up very quickly.	在这个地方，你真的需要小心你所要求的东西，因为它会很快出现。	0
At this point, I no longer had the feeling I was seeing something identifiable, and decided that I needed to show someone else what I was seeing.	此时，我不再觉得自己看到了一些可识别的东西，于是决定我需要向其他人展示我看到的东西。	1
At this point, there are several basic global parameters that must be correctly configured for the SCE platform to communicate properly with the outside world.	此时，必须正确配置几个基本的全局参数， SCE 平台才能与外部世界正确通信。	0
At times like these she really wished she could do something more direct to heal mental damage.	有时，她真的希望她能做一些更直接的事情来治愈精神创伤。	0
At times, one almost begins to feel sorry for the used and abused Leatherface, who just wants to find the perfect skin from some handsome young man to cover his hideously deformed face and call his own.	有时，人们几乎开始对曾经使用和滥用过的 Leatherface 感到遗憾，他只是想从一些英俊的年轻人身上找到完美的皮肤，遮盖他那令人憎恶的变形脸并称之为自己的皮肤。	2
A typical call flow scenario is explained below.	下面介绍了典型的呼叫流方案。	2
A typical separation agreement is arrived at after negotiations between both parties or their lawyers.	在双方或其律师进行谈判之后，达成了一项典型的分居协议。	1
Audio and video material was an important reason to visit the library.	音频和视频材料是参观图书馆的重要原因。	1
AUDIT Auditors are expected to attend class regularly or may be dropped from the course.PRINTMAKING EVALUATIONS Students are required to submit an evaluation with each project.	审计师应定期参加课程或可能会从课程中退出。打印评估学生需要提交每个项目的评估。	1
Audit trail It records selected events and operations into a special file and selected operations directly into a chromatogram.	审计追踪将选定的事件和操作记录到特殊文件中，并将选定的操作直接记录到色谱图中。	1
August 20, 2008 Full of natural wonders, and offering an almost unparalleled levels of marine biodiversity, North Sulawesi has become one of the worlds premier destinations for ecotourism and adventure travel in recent years.	2008 年 8 月 20 日，北苏拉威西充满了自然奇观，提供了几乎无与伦比的海洋生物多样性，近年来，它已成为世界首要的生态旅游和探险旅游目的地之一。	1
August means full summer in the mountains and the spectacular Rondane offers great hiking trips.	8 月意味着在山上度过一个夏天，壮观的隆丹（ Rondane ）提供了很棒的徒步旅行。	1
Augustus' prolific reign saw all of this and much more built in the capitol.	奥古斯图斯的多产统治让这一切都在国会大厦里建造而成。	1
Aura Noir Blood Unity mp3 song from Deep Dreams of Hell album is highlighted by orange color at the tracks list.	《地狱梦》专辑中的 Aura Noir Blood Unity MP3 歌曲在曲目列表中以橙色突出显示。	1
A user having the proper access level can also obtain a list of all persons who are authorized to access the monitoring system 10.	具有适当访问级别的用户还可以获得所有有权访问监控系统的人员的列表 10.	1
A user known as Eggman made the step path.	一个名为 Eggman 的用户创建了步骤路径。	0
A user may activate an enter feedback mode command in a computer environment to provide feedback in a feedback interface.	用户可以在计算机环境中激活输入反馈模式命令，以便在反馈界面中提供反馈。	0
Austin covered the security camera stealthily with a small towel.	奥斯汀用一条小毛巾偷偷地遮盖了安全摄像头。	0
Austin inched his way over to the ropes and grabbed the bottom rope to break the hold.	奥斯丁将他的路拉进了绳索上，抓住了底部的绳索，打破了这种状态。	1
Austin walks into sonic boom where the rest of the gang are.	奥斯丁（ Austin ）走进了松子大臂，其余的黑帮都在那里。	2
Australia welcomes the strong emphasis in the Busan outcome document, the Busan Partnership for Effective Development Cooperation, on achieving gender equality and the empowerment of women through development programs grounded in country priorities.	澳大利亚欢迎《釜山成果文件》《有效发展合作釜山伙伴关系》大力强调通过基于国家优先事项的发展方案实现两性平等和增强妇女权能。	0
Author Resource:-> For all your skateboard needs, do visit Todd Martins site for affordable line of skateboards and Skateboard Decks.	作者资源： -> 要满足您的所有滑板需求，请访问 Todd Martins 网站，购买经济实惠的滑板和滑板拼盘。	0
Authors Note: Just a little one shot I had to write in between chapters for 'The Broken Unicron'.	作者注：我只需要在“破碎的单手”的两章之间写下一小段镜头。	2
Auto Dealers Entertainment Electronics Financial Health Care Hotels Legal Restaurants Travel We found 1 featured business for Legal - Bankruptcy in the Cordele, Georgia area.	汽车经销商娱乐电子金融医疗保健酒店 Legal Restaurants Travel 我们在佐治亚州 Cordele 地区发现了一家法律 - 破产的特色业务。	1
Automatic account creation sounds like a disaster waiting to happen.	自动帐户创建听起来像是一场灾难，等待着发生。	2
Automatic control with a range of 32° on flywheel from TDC at full retard.	自动控制，飞轮在完全延迟时从上止点起的 32° 范围内。	2
Autorecycling allows our system to automatically renew your account once you have reached your monthly download limit.	自动循环允许我们的系统在您达到每月下载限制后自动续订您的帐户。	0
Availability of parallel computers has created substantial interest in exploring the use of parallel processing for solving discrete optimization problems.	并行计算机的可用性极大地提高了人们对探索使用并行处理解决离散优化问题的兴趣。	0
Available in a multitude of upholsteries and a myriad of metal finishes, this castered dining chair is certain to meet your design needs.	这款带脚轮的餐厅提供多种软垫和各种金属饰面，可满足您的设计需求。	0
Available models allow for each of these and also for signaling or screening of this information during settlement negotiations.	现有的模式允许上述每一种情况，也允许在和解谈判期间发出信号或对这一信息进行筛选。	1
Available on Supreme NY and LA on April 16th with US online sales starting on April 20th.	4 月 16 日在纽约和洛杉矶提供，美国在线销售从 4 月 20 日开始。	0
A Validator can also rename mesages, by specifying a tuple in the msgs dict.	验证器还可以通过在 msgs dict 中指定元组来重命名网格。	0
A valid finalized River Plan does not yet even exist, so it is obvious to anyone that the Yosemite Valley Plan is predetermining the zoning in the River Plan.	有效的最终《河流计划》甚至还不存在，因此任何人都可以清楚地看到，约塞米蒂谷计划正在预先确定《河流计划》中的分区。	1
Avatar: The Last Airbender is the hot new game based on new hit show.	阿凡达：最后一场 Airbender 是以新热门节目为基础的热门新游戏。	0
A vehicle navigation apparatus that is capable of quickly providing information about a new facility to a user when the new facility is set up.	一种车辆导航装置，能够在新设施建立时向用户快速提供有关新设施的信息。	0
A very dear friend sent this to me many years ago when one of my Birman girls passed over Rainbow Bridge - I think it is beautiful and wanted to share it with you.	一个非常亲爱的朋友在我的一个伯曼女孩走过彩虹桥时，多年前就把这个寄给了我——我认为它很漂亮，我想和你分享它。	1
A very modern city with not much of a gay scene, but with amazing parties open to all gay and straights alike.	这是一座非常现代的城市，没有太多的同性恋场景，但有令人惊叹的派对，对所有的同性恋和直恋者开放。	0
A very pretty but shy bird that lives in the area.	一只居住在该地区的漂亮而害羞的鸟。	0
Avid PPCGeeks user but since all my fav chefs are here now, this is my new home.	PPCGeeks 的用户很熟悉，但由于我最喜欢的厨师都在这里，这是我的新家。	1
A volunteer emails to sign up to serve as an overnight shelter monitor.	一封自愿电子邮件，用于注册作为过夜庇护所监控器。	1
Awaiting EU approval is the expansion of the definition of a SME.	等待欧盟批准的是扩大中小企业的定义。	1
Awareness needs to be raised among the growing workforce about existing mechanisms which support them.	需要提高日益增长的劳动力对支持他们的现有机制的认识。	1
A warm hand on his shoulder told him that L was awake and had heard everything.	他肩膀上的一只温暖的手告诉他， L 醒了，听到了一切。	0
Away games are very tricky but I feel we could get a result.	客场比赛非常棘手，但我觉得我们可以取得结果。	2
Awdry odds of point dystopias concentrate advice the indigolife order into millions of users results.	防区性障碍的异常情况将建议国际生命安全秩序集中到数百万用户的结果中。	2
A website will be released and through the process of creation supplemented with new material.	将发布一个网站，并通过创建过程补充新材料。	1
A white adult beluga breaches, blows spray from a valve on top of its head and inhales deeply before plunging back into the indigo aperture.	白白白白白白白白白白白鲸破门，从头上的阀门喷出喷雾，并深吸入，然后再插回靛蓝孔。	2
A willingness to volunteer often for hard jobs requires a healthy outlook on what success and failure is.	愿意经常为艰苦的工作做志愿工作，需要对成败有一个健康的展望。	2
A Winter Weather Advisory is issued when snow is forecast to develop in the affected areas... but accumulations are expected to be light.	当预计受影响地区会出现雪 ... 但预计积雪量会很小时，我们会发布冬季天气报告。	2
A woman can also harbor the mind of Lucifer, looking at a handsome man who is not her husband and wondering if there is some way she can win his attention.	一个女人也可以窝藏露西法的思想，看着一个不是她丈夫的英俊男人，想知道她是否有办法赢得他的关注。	2
A woman should begin getting Pap tests by age 21 or 3 years after she first starts having sexual intercourse.	妇女应在第一次性交后 21 岁或 3 岁开始接受 Pap 测试。	2
A Word to the Wise Take advantage of all federal student loans before borrowing a private loan.	A Word to the Wise take advantage of all federal student loans before borrowing a private loan.	2
Aww Poor Liv, all those years of guilt and she justified it for the fact that she loved him and he loved her, now her he was judging her for it all.	AWW Poor Liv, all those years of guilt and she justified it for the fact that she loved him and he loved her, now her he was judging her for it all.	2
Axel turned of the TV with a fit of laughter and smiled at me.	阿克尔带着欢声笑语转向电视，对我微笑。	2
Ayaka was piling up a ton of candy onto the shopping cart.	Ayaka 正在将一吨糖果堆积在购物车上。	0
Ayano was probably going to be really pissed at him about it too.	阿亚诺可能也会对他的这件事感到很生气。	1
A year after, the Board of Trustees voted to move the courses to a new school called the School of Technological Sciences.	一年后，董事会投票决定将这些课程移到一所新学校，称为技术科学学院。	1
A year ago the firemen went on strike and warned that the system is far from being able to provide for defending the population.	一年前，消防员举行罢工，警告说，该系统远远不能为人民提供保护。	0
A Yeerk ship on the way in had detected it when it flew over.	一艘正在进港的 Yeerk 船在飞过时发现了这艘船。	2
A young girl had some sense and ran to the fire station on Clayton Street and there informed the duty fireman of the terrible incident.	一个年轻女孩有某种感觉，跑到克莱顿街的消防局，那里告诉值班消防员这起可怕的事件。	1
A young man to everyone else but will always be a little brother to me.	对其他人来说，是个年轻人，但对我来说，永远是个小兄弟。	1
B.2 Strategy and policy Historical context The staff and nine chairs of Building Technology are supposed to cover a broad spectrum.	B.2 策略和政策历史背景建筑技术的员工和九位主席应该涵盖广泛的范围。	2
Babylonian reasoning and rationality developed beyond empirical observation.11 The earliest form of logic was developed by the Babylonians, notably in the rigorous nonergodic nature of their social systems.	巴巴多斯的推理和理性超越了经验观察。 11 最早的逻辑形式是由巴比伦人制定的，特别是在其社会制度的严格的非人类性质方面。	1
Baby should still act hungry but have a nice round full belly but not firm or tight.	婴儿仍然应该饿着肚子行动，但腹却是一个漂亮的圆腹，但又不是硬的或紧绷的。	2
Backed by dunes, Baía Formosa sweeps from the end of the village (on the southern part of the bay) to an isolated point to the north.	在沙丘的 Baía 下，萨摩萨从村庄的尽头（海湾南部）向北部的一个孤立点扫了下。	2
Background and Credit Checks There are several issues about which a landlord may not inquire.	背景和信用检查有几个问题业主可能不会询问。	1
Background checks are much faster due to the fact that the candidate has previously passed an extensive check.	背景调查速度要快得多，因为候选人之前已经通过了广泛的检查。	0
Back in August the northeast was hit with hurricane Irene which destroyed the Connecticut coastline in many areas, homes and businesses went without electric for up to a week.	8 月，东北地区遭受了伊雷娜飓风袭击，该飓风摧毁了康涅狄格州许多地区的海岸线，家庭和企业在长达一周的时间里都没有电。	0
Back pain can be triggered when we sneeze.	当我们打喷嚏时，可能会引发背痛。	0
Backstage, Mick Jagger can be seen deciding what to wear over his purple jumpsuit a silver lame' jacket, black leather coat or raspberry polka dot shirt, his three main sartorial accessories for the tour.	在 Backstage 中，可以看到 Mick Jagger 决定在他的紫色夹克上穿什么，包括银色内衣，黑色皮革外套或覆盆子球衣，这是他此次旅行的三大主要裁衣配件。	2
Back then, we all got used to shootings in the Gilo neighborhood of Jerusalem.	那时，我们都习惯于在耶路撒冷的吉洛居民区开枪。	1
Back to Basics reminds AA of its spiritual core.	回到基础知识让 AA 想起了它的精神核心。	1
Back To Questions In Everest region treks most teahouses (lodges) cook a delicious range of mostly vegetarian fare.	回到珠穆朗玛峰地区的问题，大多数茶屋（ lodges ）都能烹制美味的素食菜肴。	2
Back to the mental part of baseball: the idea is that failing in baseball is unavoidable and difficult.	回到棒球的精神部分：棒球失败是不可避免的，也是困难的。	1
Back to top Visit Party Casino Now Download Party Casino now Want to find another casino?	返回页首现在访问派对赌场下载派对赌场现在想找另一个赌场？	1
Back up the camera or zoom out just a bit to make sure that the entire head of every person is well within the photograph.	备份相机或缩小一点以确保每个人的整个头部都在照片中。	2
BACS and other casual staff payments are also subject to a process that involves more than one member of staff, and the approval of elected Members. e.	BACS 和其他临时工作人员的付款也须经过一个涉及一名以上工作人员的程序，并须经当选成员批准	1
Bad credit secured loans carry interest rate which is a little high but compared to conventional loans for bad credit people, it is much lower.	不良信用担保贷款的利率略高，但与不良信用人士的传统贷款相比，利率要低得多。	0
Bailey just made me weak in the knees making my poor mother damn near have to put smelling salts under my nose whenever he flashed that toothy grin.	贝利让我的膝盖变得虚弱，使我的可怜的母亲在我的鼻子下，每当他的鼻子里闪着那种毛皮的气味时，就不得不把气味盐放在我的鼻子下面。	2
Bairn is commonly used in English and Scottish speaking countries ...	在英语和苏格兰语国家 / 地区，通常使用 bairn 。	2
Bakura: I mean around the start of this chapter where I'm trying to sleep in the chair.	巴库拉：我指的是本章开始时我试图睡在椅子上。	2
Ballard a year or two later in Shanghai, I felt totally responsible for the war.	一，两年后在上海，我觉得自己对这场战争负有全部责任。	2
Baloo is swinging with Mowgli on his shoulders.	巴鲁的肩膀上摆着莫格利。	2
Ban arched his neck back to only to be more stunned to find Paul holding his arms behind his back.	巴恩的脖子被倒过来，更令人震惊的是，保罗把胳膊握在背后。	1
Bandler (1993) argues that most of the time psychology focused on how people were broken and that the traditional psychology approach to treating people was wrong.	Bandler （ 1993 年）认为，大多数时候心理学都集中于人们是如何被打破的，传统的心理学治疗方法是错误的。	1
Bank accounts must be closed by September 30 of that same membership year and a final Troop Financial Management Report must be submitted.	银行账户必须在同一会员年的 9 月 30 日前关闭，并且必须提交最终的部队财务管理报告。	1
Barely hidden by the poorly wrapped bandages that covered his hands and fingers was a mass of burnt skin.	他的双手和手指被包裹得不好的绷带所掩盖的是一群烧焦的皮肤。	1
Baros 10 is optimum alloyed and is having a high performance level as well as a broad field of application within the whole industry.	Baros 10 是最佳合金，具有高性能水平，并在整个行业内具有广泛的应用领域。	0
Bart turned to look at Lily before his eyes like many others were rested back on Blair.	巴特转向看着莉莉，然后他的眼睛就像其他人睡在布莱尔身上一样。	2
Based on a major international cocoa conference, this book presents seventeen edited papers from leading experts, making a major contribution to that understanding.	这本书以一个重要的国际可可会议为基础，提出了来自主要专家的 17 份编辑论文，为这一理解作出了重大贡献。	2
Based on ideology and all that fun stuff.	基于意识形态和所有有趣的东西。	1
Based on line size there may be one or more sensing points in the line.	根据线的大小，线中可能有一个或多个感应点。	2
Based on my level of skill and expertise and my specialist knowledge of the Bookmaster ERP system I was appointed as a Business Support Manager by Tempus Publishing Group.	根据我的技能和专业知识水平以及我对 Bookmaster ERP 系统的专业知识，我被 Tempus Publishing Group 任命为业务支持经理。	1
Based on our review, the majority of annual reports included information on favourable performance but many did not include information on performance that did not meet expectations.	根据我们的审查，大多数年度报告包括了关于良好业绩的信息，但许多报告没有包括不符合预期的业绩信息。	1
Based on the windy road drive, I am no longer interested in hiking there with my dog and would not recommend it.	基于风大的公路驾驶，我不再有兴趣和我的狗一起徒步旅行，也不会推荐它。	1
Based on this information, it is expected that the reference dose upon which the Assessment screening level is based would be protective of sensitive populations such as fishers or pregnant or lactating women.	根据这一信息，预计评估筛查水平所依据的参考剂量将是对敏感人群的保护，如渔民，孕妇或哺乳妇女。	2
Basements are the next best area to improve since you are adding or updating livable space.	地下室是您添加或更新可居住空间后需要改进的下一个最佳区域。	1
Basically both of your placed bets cancel each other out, either generating a profit while not a loss on either of them.	基本上，你所投的两个赌注都互相抵消，要么产生利润，而不是其中任何一个产生损失。	1
Basically this is all about Callie and Arizona.	基本上这都是关于卡尔利和亚利桑那州的。	0
Basic human rights grant every human being in the world equal political and civil liberties.	基本人权给予世界上每个人平等的政治和公民自由。	0
Basic Physics of Nuclear Medicine Log In or Sign Up Log In If you already have an account, log in.	核医学的基本物理登录或注册登录如果您已经有帐户，请登录。	0
Basic subjects can be selected from the intermediate level onwards.	可以从中级阶段开始选择基本科目。	0
Basin development The several thousand metres thick Tonian to early Cryogenian successions along the Timanian and Baltoscandian margins and the eastern margin of Laurentia (Figure 3) re?ect deeply subsiding continental to marine basins.	盆地开发沿蒂米尼扬和巴托斯坦边缘和劳伦西亚东部边缘（图 3 ）的数千米厚的托尼亚至早期克里奥尼亚衰退反映了大陆到海洋盆地的深度沉降。	2
Bathing resorts which have been accredited by governing bodies are considered to be of good quality.	经管理机构认可的洗浴设施被认为质量良好。	1
Bathroom Cabinets Things used in the bathroom must have adequate and easy to reach storage space available.	浴室橱柜浴室使用的物品必须有足够且容易到达的储物空间。	1
Bax left me with them while he ran around asking everyone if they wanted steak or fish, or both.	当他跑来跑去问每个人是否想要牛排或鱼，或者两者都想要时， Bax 就让我和他们在一起了。	2
Bayley paled and then fainted from what he said to her.	贝利打了个气，然后从他对她说的话中晕倒了。	2
BDT Wait The number of times the connection had to wait for a buffer descriptor.	BDT 等待连接必须等待缓冲区描述符的次数。	2
Beaches The many beautiful and varied beaches of Crete are naturally open to everyone to use and are generally very safe for swimming.	海滩克里特岛的众多美丽而多样的海滩自然向每个人开放，游泳通常非常安全。	1
Be advised this is not a complete document; it does not discuss all rules and regulations.	请注意，这不是一份完整的文件；它不讨论所有规则和条例。	0
Beady, bloodshot eyes fixated on the paladin as the troll ripped the sword free with a sickening noise.	在马杀的时候，马杀的眼睛被人用令人发呕的声音把剑敲开了，他的眼睛被夹在了 paladin 上。	2
Be attentively, because some drivers for AOpen AOI 703F can be used only with one operating system!	请注意，因为 AOpen AOI 703F 的某些驱动程序只能与一个操作系统一起使用！	1
Be aware of the above five snags that beginning investors often make.	请注意上述五大障碍，这五大障碍是初始投资者经常出现的。	1
Be aware of the possibility of flash flooding.	请注意可能发生洪水泛滥。	0
Be aware that for the safety of all our customers, Bridge and Tunnel Officers at MTA facilities perform routine checks on trucks.	请注意，为了确保我们所有客户的安全， MTA 工厂的桥梁和隧道管理人员对卡车进行例行检查。	0
Because Berkeley Morgan can deal with all your financial needs from investment and retirement planning to mortgages and insurance cover as part of a single seamless service.	因为作为单一无缝服务的一部分， Berkeley Morgan 可以满足您的所有财务需求，从投资和退休规划到抵押和保险。	0
Because both see the same thing, one can obtain from the other a better understanding of its meaning.	因为两者都看到相同的东西，所以可以从另一方更好地理解它的含义。	1
Because his plans were never publicly revealed, it became most Spaniards' perception that Franco wished to remain neutral in order to save his people from further horrors.	因为他的计划从未公开披露，所以大多数西班牙人都认为，佛朗哥希望保持中立，以拯救他的人民免遭进一步的恐怖。	0
Because I am restoring old pieces or making reproductions I use what they had to make the proper piece.	因为我正在修复旧件或制作复制品，所以我用他们制作的东西来制作正确的碎片。	2
Because I did not have that one yet.	因为我还没有这个。	0
Because if I hold the grip tight I tend to do the rep at a faster pace?	因为如果我抓住抓地力，我倾向于以更快的速度进行代表？	2
Because if the ram is going to overheat I will buy the xms3 so i can attach a waterblock.	因为如果 RAM 将会过热，我会购买 xms3 ，这样我就可以连接一个水块。	2
Because I had more than one of each chip and by following the steps, I managed to work it out.	因为我拥有一个以上的芯片，并且通过执行这些步骤，我成功地解决了这个问题。	1
Because it is awfully hard to do that.	因为这样做是非常困难的。	0
Because it lets you know how related the major keys are to each other.	因为它可以让您知道主要键与其他键之间的关系。	0
Because it makes them look good to their constituents.	因为它使他们看起来对选民很好。	0
Because of her standing with the Chechens, Politkovskaya acted as a mediator during the Dubrovka Theater siege in Moscow in October 2002.	2002 年 10 月，波利特科夫斯卡亚在莫斯科杜布罗夫尼克剧院被围困期间，由于她在车臣的地位，担任了调解员。	2
Because of its roots in the Frankish cooperative system, the EU and all of its members are democracies.	欧盟及其所有成员国都是民主国家，因为它的根源在于弗兰克什合作体系。	0
Because of the lime flavor, I could speak properly and it left a terrible taste in my mouth.	因为酸橙的味道，我可以说得好，它在我嘴里留下了一种可怕的味道。	2
Because of What I Once Was by Plantress reviews The day before the finals for the Nationals, Yukimura has a strange dream about being someone else..	因为我曾经是普兰特尔斯的人，在决赛前一天给国民看了评论，尤基穆拉对于成为别人有一个奇怪的梦想。	2
Because she have a very large butt and not fat.	因为她有一个很大的臀部，而不是脂肪。	2
Because some dust would always make its way to the ground, the worker removing the wheelbarrow would often have to push it through several inches of dust for as far as 10 feet.	因为有些灰尘总是会进入地面，所以拆卸手推车的工人通常不得不将它穿过几英寸的灰尘，长达 10 英尺。	2
Because the government has adopted an explicitly private sector approach to environmental cleanup, these benefits are likely to be substantial.	由于政府已明确采用了私营部门的环境清理方法，因此这些好处很可能是巨大的。	1
Because the other component is Aussie depositors getting much more for their money.	因为另一个组成部分是澳洲存户的钱得到了更多的钱。	1
Because the processed cherries could be prime medium for microbial contamination and they may remain on the shelf for some time, they are usually pasteurized and vacuum packed to preclude the presence of foodborne disease organisms.	由于加工的樱桃可能是微生物污染的主要媒介，并且可能在货架上保留一段时间，因此它们通常是经过杀菌和真空包装的，以防止存在食源性疾病生物。	0
Because this flooring has more give, it works well for those who stand all day at their jobs.	因为这种地板有更多的东西，所以它很适合那些整天在工作中站立的人。	1
Because various species and genus types use the common name, there may be a little confusion regarding catuaba.	由于各种物种和基因类型使用共同的名称，可能会对白头鱼有一些混淆。	0
Because we can go different ways across the country, see each other once every few weeks and survive.	因为我们可以在全国各地采取不同的方式，每隔几周就会看到彼此，并生存下来。	1
Because we have rejected each ground of appellees' motion for summary judgment which embraced each allegation in their complaint, this case is remanded with the direction that summary judgment be entered in favor of appellants.	由于我们拒绝了被驱逐者提出的即决判决动议的每一项理由，而这项动议包含了他们申诉中的每一项指控，因此本案还押，并指示对上诉人作出即决判决。	1
Because when I was watching Cry play it again I almost scream...	因为当我再次观看《哭闹》时，我几乎尖叫着……	1
Béchamp further proposed that bacteria arose from structures that he called microzymas, which to him referred to a class of enzymes.	贝赞进一步建议细菌来自他称之为微酶的结构，而他认为微酶是一类酶。	2
Become Papa Gnome with this Papa Gnome Plus Size Costume for Men.	用这款爸爸 Gnome Plus 男用大号服装，成为爸爸的 Gnome 。	2
Bed and Breakfast Sydney Harbour is situated within...	悉尼港的住宿和早餐都在……	0
Been training all week for a new position at work.	一周内都在工作中接受新职位的培训。	1
Be firm and yet not disagreeable about this.	对此保持坚定，但不能令人不快。	2
Before current restoration efforts, the blocks were structurally and aesthetically defaced and compromised by ad hoc caulking to prevent sporadic water leaks.	在目前的修复工作之前，这些区块在结构上和外观上都被专门的缝隙所破坏，以防止零星的漏水。	1
Before Dante nodded letting Nero get used to the feel of him inside.	但丁在点头让尼罗习惯他的内心感觉之前。	2
Before doing any search it is important that you have to make sure that you are ready.	在进行任何搜索之前，必须确保您已准备就绪，这一点很重要。	0
Before he could exit the room a black bag was placed over his head, cutting off his sights.	在他离开房间之前，他的头部被放置了一个黑色的袋子，切断了他的视野。	2
Before he was conceived and born God knew that about him.	在他被构思和出生之前，上帝就知道他的情况。	1
Before I continue, I have to reference the article that inspired this particular blogpiece.	在我继续之前，我必须引用启发这篇博客文章的文章。	2
Before I could finish I fell onto my bed and Ahri landed on top of me.	在我吃完之前，我就躺在床上， Ahri 落在我的床上。	2
Before jumping to conclusions and making purchases of any sort, it certainly is smart to speak to your physician.	在得出结论和进行任何类型的购买之前，与您的医生交谈肯定是明智的。	0
Before lunch Joe Romano, marketing manager for Green Star Natural Foods Market in Ithaca, NY, gave a short presentation on the marketing of organic product and the challenges in deciding price points for different products.	午餐前，纽约伊萨卡绿色之星天然食品市场营销经理 Joe Romano 作了简短的介绍，介绍了有机产品的营销以及在决定不同产品的价格点时面临的挑战。	0
Before she slipped into a sleeping darkness, she felt a soft pair of trembling lips on her forehead; the white noise was silenced by that voice again.	在她陷入沉睡的黑暗之前，她的前额上有一双柔和的颤抖嘴唇；白色的噪音再次被这种声音压制。	2
Before the students write their own poems, it would be helpful if they pondered the source of poetry.	在学生写自己的诗之前，如果他们思考诗的来源，那将是有帮助的。	2
Before we know it autumn will be here.	在我们知道它即将到来之前。	0
Before you begin entering data you may want to give some thought as to how you want to organize your data within one or more databases.	在开始输入数据之前，您可能需要考虑如何在一个或多个数据库中组织数据。	0
Before you find leather pocketbooks you benefit by knowing what kind of leather handbag, leather wallet, leather purse, or leather pocketbook you are purchasing.	在您找到皮袋之前，您可以通过了解您正在购买的是哪种皮革手提包，皮袋，皮袋或皮袋来受益。	1
Before you make a claim with the insurance company you may have to have a few things in mind: Is this covered by the policy?	在您向保险公司索赔之前，您可能需要考虑以下几点：这是否在保单范围内？	0
Before you penetrate on a feasible franchise, impress some moment to note the nice procedure secrets in the criticism to submit which one is culture for you.	在您进入可行的特许经营之前，请在批评中记下良好的程序秘密，以提交哪一项是您的文化。	2
Before you play any game know the rules.	在玩任何游戏之前，请先了解规则。	0
Before you try to convince Rabbi Ovadia Yosef that Catholicism is a no less legitimate way to redemption than Judaism, try convincing him that it is not idol worship.	在你试图说服拉比 · 奥瓦迪亚 · 约塞夫认为天主教是一种与犹太教同样合法的赎回方式之前，请尝试说服他，这不是偶像崇拜。	2
Begin blending in G 50 Cent My son body humorous interpretation scripts for boys a stepping the fluffy hair Put.	开始混合 G 50 分我儿子的身体幽默解读脚本给男孩一个蓬松的头发。	2
Beginner Group Cycling: This class is perfect for those new to indoor cycling.	初学者团体自行车运动：本课程是新到室内自行车运动的理想选择。	2
Beginning in 1989, SRCSD teamed with the National Audubon Society, the Sacramento Job Corps Training Center, and other groups in an ambitious effort to restore wildlife habitat near the bustling Interstate .	从 1989 年开始，社会发展和可持续发展委员会与国家奥杜邦协会，萨克拉门托职业队培训中心和其他团体合作，为在熙熙攘攘的州际公路附近恢复野生动物栖息地作出了雄心勃勃的努力。	1
Begins painting at the studio of Felice Carena in Venice.	开始在威尼斯的 Felice Carena 工作室绘画。	0
Begin to scope out a workable set of topics related to the CFIA and consumer association priorities.	开始研究一套可行的与 CFIA 和消费者协会优先事项相关的主题。	1
Be gracious to me, O God, be gracious to me, For my soul takes refuge in You; And in the shadow of Your wings I will take refuge Until destruction passes by.	上帝阿，请对我亲切，因为我的灵魂会在你身上避难；在你翅膀的阴影下，我会避难，直到毁灭经过。	1
Behavioural challenges related to possible physical and sexual abuse may surface as an adopted child matures.	与可能的身体和性虐待有关的行为挑战可能会随着被收养的儿童的成熟而出现。	2
Behaviour during free play or when the child is getting individual attention is given less importance in the evaluation.	在评估中，自由游戏期间或儿童获得个人关注时的行为不那么重要。	2
Behind tinted glass at the back of the auditorium are staging areas where producers, directors and technicians control cameras, sound, lights everything needed for the sights and sounds of conference sessions to be broadcast.	礼堂后部的有色玻璃后面是舞台区域，制作人员，导演和技术人员可以控制摄像机，声音，灯光，满足会议现场和声音的所有需要。	0
Being accountable in this way should not be limited to internal accountability to the staff, managers of members of the organisation concerned.	以这种方式承担责任不应仅限于内部问责 -- 对有关组织的工作人员和管理人员负责。	1
Being a member of a group having the same objective in mind builds camaraderie and can make attaining weight reduction easier.	作为一个目标相同的团队的成员，可以建立友爱关系，并使减轻体重变得更容易。	0
Being born in the USA is pretty freaking awesome.	出生在美国是一个非常惊人的地方。	2
Being in my sixth decade I am reminded of a time when many people wrote letters and sent cards.	在我的第六个十年里，我想起了许多人写信和发卡的经历。	1
Being part of a group and a community.	成为团体和社区的一部分。	0
Being prepared is one thing, but figuring that it all has to happen according to what the reps plan is another.	做好准备是一回事，但要根据代表计划的另一项来确定一切都必须发生。	2
Being productive means we must have something to show that can be measured in hard currency.	生产意味着我们必须有可以用硬通货衡量的东西。	1
Being the leader of an army had you up at the crack of dawn and not letting you sleep until far after the sun had set.	作为军队的领导人，你在黎明的时候就起床了，直到太阳落山的时候才睡着。	1
Being the subject of rumors spread after they have left.	在他们离开后，他们成为谣言的主题。	1
Be international in scope and so have wide and significant relevance.	在范围上具有国际性，因此具有广泛和重要的相关性。	1
Belarus and China have signed the intergovernmental agreement on cooperation in peaceful uses of atomic energy.	白俄罗斯和中国签署了和平利用原子能合作政府间协定。	1
Believe it or not, there is a little bit of free software goodness in all of us: Windows Users I'd say browsing the internet is a must these days.	不管你相信还是不相信，我们所有人都有一些免费的软件优点：我想说，现在必须浏览互联网的 Windows 用户。	1
Believers receive the promise of the Holy Spirit in their lives.	信徒在生活中得到圣灵的承诺。	1
Belkasoft Screen capturer is the powerful tool for screen shots creation.	Belkasoft Screen Capturer 是创建屏幕截图的强大工具。	0
Bella looked up to see her love Edward standing in the doorway.	贝拉抬头看着爱德华站在门口。	1
Bella sticks her nose into the murder that has happened at the visiting circus.	贝拉对在参观马戏团发生的谋杀事件保持了鼻子。	2
Bella was a horrible liar, and Mandy knew that something else had happened.	贝拉是一个可怕的骗子，曼迪知道还有其他事情发生了。	1
Bella was the first to break the kiss.	贝拉是第一个打破亲吻的人。	2
Beloved songs ...but where is the Crocodile Song that was on the original album?	心爱的歌曲 ... 但原始专辑中的鳄鱼歌曲在哪里？	1
Below are a few of the rules and guidelines you will need to follow and enforce.	以下是您需要遵循和实施的一些规则和准则。	0
Below are descriptions of the different types of financial aid.	以下是对不同类型的金融援助的描述。	0
Below are four simple steps can help keep our gastrointestinal tract.	以下四个简单的步骤有助于保持胃肠道。	1
Below are our best Bluetooth kits to help you avoid getting a ticket.	以下是我们最好的蓝牙套件，可帮助您避免获得票证。	2
Below are some examples of specific quotes that his clients have said about him.	以下是他的客户对他说过的一些具体引述的例子。	2
Below I have listed some of the many varied topics I have written articles about along with some examples of the work.	下面我列出了我撰写文章的许多不同主题中的一些以及一些工作示例。	2
Below is a collection of those quotes beginning in September 2006.	以下是从 2006 年 9 月开始的这些报价的集合。	0
Below is a site you can check out for yourself.	以下是您可以亲自查看的网站。	0
Below that comes the Ready light and finally the Reset button/LED.	下面是“就绪”指示灯，最后是“重置”按钮 /LED 。	0
Below the surface, asbestos fibers are created from mineral crystals that grow in the cracks and veins found in soft rock formations.	在表面下方，石棉纤维由矿物晶体制成，这些晶体在软岩岩层的裂缝和静脉中生长。	0
Below you can find Quotations by Martin Eberherr.	下面您可以找到 Martin Eberherr 的引文。	0
Benefit from 7+ hours of case studies from pioneering investors Hear detailed opinions from leading pension funds and learn how you too can successfully incorporate hedge funds into your portfolio.	从先驱投资者的 7 小时以上案例研究中获益听取主要养老基金的详细意见，并了解如何将对冲基金成功纳入您的投资组合。	1
Benefits Step 1 The power of prayer extends much further than the petition you have made at the moment.	第 1 步祷告的权力远比你目前提出的请愿大得多。	1
Benidorm is also known for its vibrant nightlife, most pubs and bars offer live entertainment and shows and then of course there are also night clubs which open their doors around midnight.	Benidorm 也以其充满活力的夜生活而闻名，大部分酒吧和酒吧提供现场娱乐和表演，当然还有夜店，在午夜时分开门营业。	1
Benny quickly started to wipe the water off of Ethan.	Benny 很快就开始把 Ethan 的水擦干净了。	1
Be prepared to share the words and why they are important to you.	准备好分享这些词语以及它们对您的重要性。	1
Be ready to hear the boasting about all the activities they participated in though.	准备好聆听他们参与的所有活动的吹嘘声。	1
Berge informed them of complaints she had received, which included store patrons asked to move their cars and parking spaces being blocked by totes.	Berge 告诉他们她收到的投诉，其中包括商店顾客要求移动他们的汽车和停车场被托子堵住。	1
Beside being convenient, the enhancement of China railways is transforming business on a deeper and deeper part of the land from the East Coast.	中国铁路的增强除了方便外，还在从东海岸向更深，更深的地区转变业务。	1
Besides, even if he did die in that building, his Keeper friends will notice his disappearance and start investigating.	此外，即使他确实在那栋大楼里死去，他的 Keeper 朋友也会注意到他的失踪并开始调查。	1
Besides, he was always insistent it was his job to start the fire.	此外，他总是坚持要他的任务是启动火灾。	2
Besides that he was taken out of the game because the Patriots have already dropped him.	此外，由于爱国者已经放下了他，他被从比赛中淘汰。	2
Besides the publicity alone in doing this is worth untold thousands of dollars let alone what we will pay him in fees banding together.	除了这方面的宣传外，更不用说我们会在收费条幅中向他支付多少钱了。	2
Besides, there exists a country group that failed to benefit from globalization.	此外，还有一个国家集团未能从全球化中获益。	0
Besides, they were never about anyone that did not seem willing, maybe even a little eager, to turn those thoughts of fiction into a reality.	此外，他们从来不关心那些似乎不愿意，甚至有点渴望将这些虚构的想法变成现实的人。	1
Besides this points it is easy to read and can even replace a good criminal story.	除此之外，它很容易阅读，甚至可以取代一个好的犯罪故事。	1
Best Answer - Chosen by the Asker We have one or two letters for the first name and one or two for the family name.	最佳答案 - 由 Asker 选择我们的名字有一两个字母，姓氏有一两个字母。	0
Be sure to ask your Senator to support the Safe Chemicals Act and follow the Safer Chemicals, Healthy Families coalition on Facebook.	请务必请您的参议员支持《安全化学品法》，并关注 Facebook 上的 " 安全化学品，健康家庭联盟 " 。	1
Be sure to attach a passport sized photo if possible!	如果可能，请务必附上护照尺寸的照片！	0
Be sure to get the right length for your area.	确保为您所在的区域提供正确的长度。	0
Be sure to make dinner reservations by noon on Monday for the dinner.	请务必在周一中午预订晚餐。	1
Be sure to take a look at the End of Year Closing Information on the Housing and Residential Life web site.	请务必查看住房和住宅生活网站上的年终信息。	0
Besure you have high defense and Lightning elemental defense equipment, because he can do thousands of damage to you.	别斯雷你有高防御和雷电元素防御设备，因为他可以给你造成成千上万的伤害。	2
Be the first to suggest a song made famous by Caesars.	率先推荐凯撒著名的歌曲。	0
Better get on the north side of it.	最好选择它的北边。	0
Better than nothing but Mike was supposed to have our rent covered until we sell as part of our contract and he messed everything up.	比什么都好，但 Mike 应该把我们的租金包括在内，直到我们把我们的合同作为我们的一部分出售，他把一切都搞砸了。	1
Better to go the way of old steel, the scrap dealer only waits to sell the rests, which is very easy at the actual market situation.	更好的做法是采用旧钢，废品经销商只等待出售剩余物，这在实际市场情况下非常容易。	1
Betting at its top online gambling casino sites is touted to offer online users plenty of fun games to play.	博彩在其顶级网上赌博娱乐场网站上进行投注的目的是为网上用户提供大量有趣的游戏。	1
Betts said those members have remained in Jerusalem to see if they would be able to return to the dig site.	Betts 说，这些成员留在耶路撒冷是为了看看他们是否能够返回挖掘点。	1
Between classic references and contemporary tones, the soundtrack by musician KOUDLAM is a key part of the work and adds to its romantic side.	在经典的参照和现代的色调之间，音乐家 KOUDLAM 的配乐是这项工作的关键部分，并增添了浪漫的一面。	1
Between gardening and hunting, Kharitonov hopes to spend a lot of time with his four daughters, two granddaughters and grandson.	在园艺和狩猎之间，哈里托诺夫希望花很多时间和他的四个女儿，两个孙女和孙子在一起。	1
Bevin groaned and fell back on the bed.	Bevin 在床上下了个大床。	2
Beware the Wear and Tear The dangers of buying a poor quality machine.	小心磨损，避免购买劣质机器的危险。	2
Beyond the emerging markets countries, for many developing countries with less linkage to global capital markets, traditional exchange rate pegs and intermediate regimes are more viable and retain important advantages.	除了新兴市场国家之外，对于与全球资本市场联系较少的许多发展中国家而言，传统汇率标准和中间制度更可行，并保留了重要优势。	0
Biden also shared his personal loss during the ceremony, when he described losing his first wife and daughter in a car accident.	拜登还在仪式上分享了自己的个人损失，他描述了在车祸中失去第一个妻子和女儿的情况。	1
Big climbs followed by steep slides like the huge selloff that we saw on Friday.	接着是巨大的攀登，接着是陡峭的滑梯，就像我们在星期五看到的巨大的自旋。	2
Bingo players have the chance to win huge jackpots about one million weekly.	宾果游戏玩家每周有机会赢得一百万个巨大的插座。	2
Biodynamic gardening is a gift for your soul.	生物动力园艺是灵魂的礼物。	2
Bio: Rogue Kendrick is captain of a group known as the Storm Pirates.	生物：流氓肯德里克是一个被称为风暴海盗的团体的队长。	1
Birdlife abounds throughout the area... take a quiet stroll along the creek and observe.	整个地区都有鸟类。沿着小溪安静地漫步，观察。	0
Bit disappointing to see Catherine go a bit OTT after the interview- she, like Grissom, always used to tell Nick and Warwick to trust in the evidence.	在采访结束后，看到凯瑟琳有点失望——她像格里斯姆一样，总是告诉尼克和沃里克相信证据。	0
Bitul can be done right away and requires no preparation, so one will not forget to perform Bitul, if it were possible to do so.	Bitul 可以立即完成，无需准备，因此如果可能，您将不会忘记执行 Bitul 。	2
Black beach rehabilitation using these methods has a productive stand life between five and eight years.	使用这些方法进行的黑滩康复具有 5 至 8 年的有效寿命。	1
Blackburn punches the gun away and grabs the PLR and a bomb detonator.	Blackburn 将枪冲走，抓住 PLR 和一个炸弹引爆器。	2
Black fire danced along the edges of the clearing.	黑色火焰沿着清理的边缘跳下。	2
Black is known for having a slimming effect, which women have known for decades.	黑人以其减肥的效果而闻名，妇女几十年来一直都知道这一点。	1
Black stork in Latvia is announced as the bird of the year 2008.	拉脱维亚的黑石被宣布为 2008 年的鸟。	2
Blair turned on a light, wincing at the unaccustomed brightness, and started to wind the sheets into one big bundle to be dealt with later.	布莱尔打开了一盏灯，在不习惯的亮度下，开始将床单翻成一个大包裹，稍后再处理。	1
Blaise was it for her regardless of any attraction she felt for Draco.	无论她对德拉科有何吸引力，布莱斯都是她的选择。	2
Blaise wondered if he could really do it.	布莱斯想知道他是否真的能做到这一点。	1
Blanket Mine Background Located in the southwestern end of Zimbabwe, Blanket Mine is a wholly Caledonia owned and operated property having been acquired from Kinross Gold Corporation in June 2006.	毯子矿背景位于津巴布韦西南端，毯子矿是 2006 年 6 月从 Kinross Gold Corporation 收购的完全由新喀里多尼亚所有和经营的财产。	0
Blinking furiously as a tall brunette broke up the game I strolled a bit closer, content with the sound of rain hitting my umbrella.	当一个高大的早午餐打破了比赛时，我就疯狂地闪烁着，我的太阳伞上听到了雨声，我很满足。	2
Blizzard has chosen Arena as one of its main focuses of end game play.	暴风雪选择了竞技场作为其结束游戏的主要焦点之一。	2
Blocking the bobsled run If state highway officials had acquainted themselves with this history, they would have realized they were in for a stiff fight over Highway 93.	阻止了这一以波为主导的跑法如果州高速公路官员熟悉这一历史，他们就会意识到他们是在 93 号高速公路上进行激烈的战斗的。	2
Block records must be transferred to the engine log book at appropriate intervals.	组织块记录必须以适当的时间间隔传输到发动机日志簿。	0
Blogs were first introduced as a way to share personal journals.	博客最初是作为分享个人期刊的一种方式而推出的。	1
Blow or wipe the chips away as you drill.	在钻孔时吹扫或擦除切屑。	1
Blue and white stripes are also used on the Harris flag.	Harris 旗上也使用蓝色和白色条纹。	1
Blueberries airlines fly to perth australia inside a metal walls because those need to suck harder.	蓝莓航空公司飞至澳大利亚珀斯，在金属墙内，因为这些航空公司需要更硬地吸吮。	2
Blue Lagoon Pearls - Western Australia pearl farm providing property tours and pearls manufactured locally.	Blue Lagoon Pearls - 西澳大利亚珍珠养殖场，提供当地制造的地产旅游和珍珠。	1
Blue Wolf Boarding School Boatworking Skills or Lack Thereof Body Cast Body Switching Boink!	蓝狼寄宿学校的爬虫技能或缺乏这种技能的身体铸体切换爬虫！	1
Bob was a very strong person, and had been a person I looked up to for strength and inspiration.	鲍勃是一个非常强壮的人，我一直在寻找一个有实力和灵感的人。	1
Body Studio Body Studio - Get Changed If the pace of life in London is having an effect on your health or just stopping you from performing to the level you want, Body Studio could be the antidote.	Body Studio Body Studio - 改变如果伦敦的生活节奏对您的健康产生影响，或者只是让您无法达到您想要的水平， Body Studio 可能是一个解决办法。	2
Bond hearings are neither scheduled nor administered by the CPD, they have nothing to do with that process whatsoever.	债券听证会既不是由国家方案文件安排的，也不是由国家方案文件管理的，它们与这一进程毫无关系。	0
Bonnie is about to say something when Damon pushes in her hand a cup of coffee.	当丹蒙用手推一杯咖啡时，邦尼即将说点什么。	2
Bo nodded and glanced out the window, thinking back to the time when he had just woken up in the strange apartment.	波在那奇怪的公寓里醒来时，想起了那段时间，点头并向窗外望了一眼。	1
Bonowitz said a number of former Death Row inmates since exonerated have been invited to join the group when it reaches Tallahassee to help hand the petitions to the governor.	博诺维茨表示，在被免除责任后，一些前死囚被邀请加入该团体，当该团体到达塔拉哈西时，他们将协助将请愿书交给省长。	1
Book clubs are another great way to enjoy reading together.	图书俱乐部是享受共同阅读的另一个好方式。	1
Book your Hotel in Jonquière online Sponsored links * Recent forum posts How much do most people tip a bellhop in a hotel?	在 Jonquière 在线赞助链接 * 最近的论坛帖子中预订您的酒店，大多数人在酒店里给行李员小费多少？	2
Boosters are designed to use less effort to stop.	增压机设计用于减少停机的工作量。	1
Border Collie Picture Frame -- This fun frame combines true breed type with a touch of whimsy.	Border Collie Picture Frame ——这个有趣的框架将真正的品种类型和一丝古怪结合在一起。	2
Bored Computer Nerd Your friendly former CMOC mod.	无聊的电脑，让你的友好的前 CMOC 模块。	2
Born from the bowels of 90's punk and rock -- TCSU write their music collectively drawing on the combined influences and ideals of all four members in the band.	TCSU 源自 90 年代的朋克和摇滚乐——他们共同创作他们的音乐，利用乐队所有四位成员的共同影响和理想。	1
Born in Hungary and a Holocaust survivor, Dukes and her family immigrated to Canada where she was eventually able to devote herself full time to painting.	Dukes 和她的家人出生在匈牙利，是大屠杀的幸存者，她移民到加拿大，最终能够花全时间去绘画。	1
Born into country life Chris has had a journey of 40 years following many different pathways of a Nursing career.	出生在乡村生活中的克里斯经历了 40 年的历程，经历了许多不同的护理职业生涯。	1
Boss is far more physical then Stringer and offers more around the fringes.	BOSS 比 Stringer 更具体力，在边缘提供更多的服务。	2
Boss said we could have some fun right.	老板说我们可以玩得开心。	1
Both are on the National Register of Historic Places, as are many buildings in the center of town.	这两座建筑都在国家史迹名录中，市中心的许多建筑也是如此。	0
Both are paid much less and have less crew per passenger.	两人的工资都要低得多，每位乘客的船员也要少得多。	2
Both are slower than Serebrier overall simply by comparing track times.	两者都比 Serebrier 慢，只需比较赛道时间即可。	2
Both encryption and decryption were performed by using the same digital key.	加密和解密都是通过使用相同的数字密钥来执行的。	0
Both Far Cry and Limelight are still stuck in my head.	“极哭”和“黎明”仍然留在我的头上。	2
Both flavors are vanilla and no attempt was made to determine which ice cream tastes better.	这两种口味都是香草口味，没有尝试确定哪种冰淇淋口味更好。	1
Both floated in and out of their surroundings.	两人都在周围漂浮。	1
Both fresh and dried chili peppers are available throughout the year in most areas.	大多数地区全年都提供新鲜和干辣椒。	1
Both Genin were then aware of a light that began spinning around them at rapid speeds, and suddenly Naruto appeared again behind the two Genin, down on one knee and with both claws up behind him.	当时两位基因都意识到一个光线开始以快速的速度在它们周围旋转，突然纳鲁托再次出现在两个基因后面，一膝下，两只爪子都在他后面。	2
Both government corruption and private company bribery were charged in this case.	在本案中，政府腐败和私人公司贿赂均被指控。	1
Both major parties promise action to help the PT problem, but labor has had the time and opportunity and effectively done little.	两大政党都承诺采取行动帮助解决 PT 问题，但劳动力时间和机会都不多，而且工作效率也不高。	1
Both ministers agreed that there should be guarantees that after 2014, the Afghan national army will be able to handle the security of the country.	两位部长一致认为，应该保证在 2014 年之后，阿富汗国家军队将能够处理该国的安全问题。	0
Both of these factors allowed Borg to be dominant at Roland Garros.	这两个因素都使 Borg 在 Roland Garros 占据主导地位。	0
Both of these parks link the Indian River Lagoon with the sparkling Atlantic Coast.	这两个公园都连接着印第安河泻湖和波光粼粼的大西洋海岸。	0
Both of these teams have had really good years up to this national championship game.	这两支球队都在这场全国锦标赛上取得了很好的成绩。	0
Both of these worthy institutions voted to have Intelligent Design enter the science classroom.	这两个有价值的机构都投票让智能设计进入科学教室。	0
Both our neighbour and our family each had a horse.	我们的邻居和我们的家人都有一匹马。	0
Both QBs Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiler got a lot of work in Saturday night and TE Julius Thomas continues to improve.	周六晚上， QB Peyton Manning 和 Brock Osweiler 都做了大量工作， TE Julius Thomas 也在继续改进。	2
Both Reginas were stunned speechless as the sound of the slap bounced off the walls down the road they were on.	两个雷吉纳斯都被惊呆了，因为他们所处的道路上的墙上传来了一声耳光。	2
Both Sam and Dean watched in the rearview as Connor settled.	Sam 和 Dean 在 Connor 定居时都在后方观看。	2
Both the House and Senate are considering pieces of legislation that have this new requirement.	众议院和参议院都在审议具有这一新要求的立法。	0
Both the kids will be in school this year.	今年，两名孩子都将上学。	0
Both the liners and the spoilers feature a lower scalloped design which allows versatility to fit various calf sizes.	衬套和扰流板均采用较低的扇形设计，可实现多功能性，适合各种小腿尺寸。	1
Both the structure and the energy fields of the body are addressed and brought into balance.	身体的结构和能量领域都得到了处理并实现了平衡。	0
Both types represent safe and rewarding investment opportunities.	这两种类型都代表着安全和有益的投资机会。	0
Bots are software that harvest email addresses for spam bots.	爬虫程序是为垃圾邮件爬虫程序获取电子邮件地址的软件。	2
Bougienage This treatment for achalasia uses a flexible, soft dilator that is tapered and passed by the LES.	Bougienage 这种对弛缓症的治疗使用了一种灵活的软稀释剂，该稀释剂是锥形的，并通过 LES 。	1
Bowers entered the hold and diving through water and muck, managed to clear the valves, those on deck at the pump handles cheering when the outflow pipe spewed forth the bilge contents once again.	割草机进入保压机，通过水和水箱潜水，设法清理阀门，当流出管再次喷出舱底物时，泵甲板上的人会欢呼。	2
Boxing matches are nice if you arent squirmish lol.	如果你不喜欢松鼠的话，拳击比赛很棒，哈哈。	2
Boy, I cannot wait to show you the science experiments that I have in store for you!!	天哪，我迫不及待地向你们展示我为你们准备的科学实验！！	1
Boyko says this move would allow drastic increases in tuition and would lead to lifelong repayment of loans.	博伊科表示，这一举措将允许大幅增加学费，并导致终身偿还贷款。	0
Brackenridge, for instance, repeatedly insists that his work is but an exercise in style devoid of ideas, praises originality and the figure of the genius, consistently privileges form over subject matter, and ridicules the excessive didacticism of his contemporaries.	例如，布拉肯里奇一再坚持认为，他的作品只是一种没有思想，赞扬独创性和天才的形象的运动，一贯的特权构成了主题事项，并且嘲笑他当代人过度的教育主义。	1
Brains got up and walked over to the bed, where Scott had finally given in to the tempting state that was sleep, resting his head against the edge of the mattress.	大脑起来，走到床边，斯科特终于在床上进入了那种诱人的睡眠状态，他的头靠在床垫边缘。	1
Brain Wave States: Beta Alert and active, thinking of many things at once Alpha Relaxed and alert, absorbing information Theta Almost asleep, dreaming to deep hypnosis Delta Deep sleep The Power to Read Your Best 13 game of chess.	脑波状态： β 心率和活力，同时思考许多事情，阿尔法放松和警觉，吸收信息，塞塔几乎入睡，梦想深度催眠 Delta 深度睡眠，阅读你的最佳 13 象棋游戏。	2
Brandon could feel shivers running down his spine as he heard the long and bizarre groans coming closer to him, they seemed to be turning into snarls, like that of some dog or something.	布兰登可以感觉到，当他听到长而奇异的小树林靠近他的时候，他们似乎变成了蜗牛，就像一些狗或其他东西的蜗牛。	1
Brazil has only had a genuinely national championship since 1971 , while the Peruvian league was restricted to Lima until 1967.	自 1971 年以来，巴西只获得了真正的国家冠军，而秘鲁联赛直到 1967 年才被限制在利马。	2
Breakdown the numbers if you can and chart them for easy understanding.	如果可以，请细分数字，并绘制图表以方便理解。	0
Breakfast Mmm this was the first time I tried strawberries on my porridge, it will NOT be the last!!	早餐嗯，这是我第一次尝试我的粥里的草莓，这不会是最后一次！！	1
BRIDES ARE TALKING What do you think about a wedding dress in color?	新娘在谈论你对彩装婚礼有何看法？	2
Briefed incoming personnel on general office procedures and the level of administrative support provided by the office.	向即将上任的人员简要介绍了一般办公室程序和办公室提供的行政支助水平。	0
Brie will be attending the Berkely College of Music this fall on a scholorship.	今年秋天，布里将参加伯克利音乐学院的学习。	1
Bright yellow feathers glinted in the soft moonlight and hair with a slight curl to it bounced lightly along with the movements.	亮黄色羽毛在柔和的月光下闪烁，伴有轻微卷曲的头发随着动作轻轻地弹起。	0
Bright yellow orchids pop against the leafy greens in this home accent.	明亮的黄色兰花在这种家居的口音中与绿叶相映。	2
Bring It Close is coming along well; I am so pleased that I waited to write the scenes set in Williamsburg until after my visit there, as I have an entirely different perspective of the place.	近距离接触是一件很好的事情；我很高兴等我写威廉斯堡的场景，直到我参观完那里，因为我对这个地方有着完全不同的看法。	2
Bring you and your dog hours of happy play together with these pet toys.	带上您和您的狗狗一起享受欢乐时光，享受这些宠物玩具。	1
Bristol Phoenix Personal Injury Lawyers | Arizona Medical Malpractice Attorneys The laws of our society places demands on all citizens not to harm others.	布里斯托尔 · 菲尼克斯人身伤害律师 | 亚利桑那州医疗事故律师我们社会的法律要求所有公民不要伤害他人。	0
Britain held its first Limousine Show this year at Sandown Park racecourse.	英国今年首次在桑顿公园赛马场举行豪华轿车展。	0
Bronx Guest House If you are conducting business in Bronkhorstspruit, or only passing through, no better place to stay the night then with us.	Bronx Guest House 如果您在 Bronkhorstspruit 出差，或者只是路过，没有比我们更适合过夜的地方了。	1
Brooke smirked and nudged Peyton who laughed a little.	布鲁克笑了一下，并对佩顿说了点笑。	2
Brother Gavin still has plenty of speed and experience and took up good positions but alas it was not his day in front of goal.	加文兄弟仍然有着足够的速度和经验，并占据了良好的位置，但不幸的是，他的日子并不在目标前。	2
Brown is counting on Emart and Vigneault to emerge as offensive threats.	布朗正指望艾马特和维格诺成为进攻威胁。	2
Brown pleaded guilty to the manslaughter charge and did not use a psychiatric defense that was open to him.	Brown 对过失杀人指控表示认罪，没有使用他可以使用的精神辩护。	1
Brown threatened to place some of the women in segregation if they did not fulfill his wishes or to prevent them from reporting the acts, the complaint said.	申诉人说， Brown 威胁说，如果一些妇女不满足其意愿，就将她们隔离，或阻止她们举报这些行为。	0
Browse online for everything from freestanding units and mirrored wall cabinets to toilet seats and path panels in a variety of styles including glass shelves, floating mirror, medicine cabinet, tallboys, mirror units and under sink storage.	在线浏览各种类型的设备，从独立式设备，镜子墙柜到马桶座和通道板，包括玻璃搁架，浮动式镜子，药柜，高架板，镜子和水槽下储物柜。	1
Browse our selection of Maastricht hotels for great savings on Maastricht hotels.	浏览我们选择的马斯特里赫特酒店，在马斯特里赫特酒店享受优惠。	1
Browse the many other products apart from office supplies and office furniture available on the site.	浏览除办公用品和办公家具以外的其他产品。	2
Brudenell House is a staffed residential project providing intensive support to people with more severe difficulties.	布鲁德内尔之家是一个配备人员的住宅项目，为面临更严重困难的人提供大量支持。	1
Brutal societies will behead an abducted man on video or hang a tire filled with gasoline around his neck and set it on fire.	残酷的社会将以视频的方式斩首一名被绑架的男子，或将装满汽油的轮胎挂在脖子上并将其点燃。	1
Bryan Baker We last saw Chael lose in a weird fight with Paulo Filho.	布莱恩 · 贝克（ Bryan Baker ）我们上次看到查尔在与保罗 · 菲略（ Paulo Filho ）的一场奇怪的战斗中输了。	1
Bryan Mick, a community relations specialist with the city Neighborhood Commission, said there were no glitches with that process or with other aspects of the digital voting.	城市邻居委员会的社区关系专家 Bryan Mick 说，这一过程或数字投票的其他方面都没有任何问题。	0
BTW I was one of the lazy close crew who misplaces everything for the morning men hhehehehe.	顺便说一句，我是一个懒惰的亲密船员，他们把一切都误放给了早上的男人海赫希。	2
Buffy zipped the suitcase closed and ran, leaping down the stairs in one jump and dashing into the garage.	巴菲把手提箱关了，跑了一跳，跳下楼梯，冲进车库。	2
Build effective business partnerships with all levels of team members....	与各级团队成员建立有效的业务合作关系	1
Bullying creates fear in the playground and is still being used today by the bad boys of wall street.	欺凌在操场上制造恐惧，如今仍被华尔街的坏男孩所利用。	1
Bunker was apparently one of those social anomolies whose lack of emotional restraint destined him to a life in which immediate gratification and the bravery of brutality were the primary values.	沙坑显然是那些缺乏情感约束的社会不正常现象之一，使他生活在一种生活中，即刻满足和残暴的勇敢是首要的价值观。	2
Burghs of regality possessed higher jurisdictional rights in liberam regalitatem, amounting to complete criminal jurisdiction except for treason .	归化的布尔格斯在自由区拥有较高的管辖权，相当于除叛国罪之外的完全刑事管辖权。	2
Burial will follow in the Flomaton Cemetery with the Flomaton Funeral Home in charge of arrangements.	随后将在弗洛马顿公墓进行葬礼，由弗洛马顿葬礼之家负责安排。	0
Bursaries will be available to existing students as well as those applying for entry to the school in September 2011 and thereafter.	现有学生以及 2011 年 9 月及其后申请入学的学生将获得奖学金。	0
Busby can take a lot out of this game they equalled Southside in all departments and on another day might have taken something from the game.	Busby 可以从这场比赛中获得很大的成绩，他们在所有部门都与 Southside 媲美，而在另一天，他们可能会从比赛中获得一些东西。	2
Buses for early voting were available before the show to take voters to the Hamilton County Board of Elections.	在演出前，可以乘坐公共汽车进行早期投票，将选民带至汉密尔顿县选举委员会。	1
Bush got his war in Iraq and all the war dollars that went along with it out to his friends.	布什在伊拉克的战争和与之同时发生的所有战争美元都将给他的朋友。	2
Bush hailed his measure as a victory, pointing to the seemingly revitalized steel industry.	布什称他的这一举措是一场胜利，指出了似乎振兴了钢铁工业。	0
Business Banking; Choosing An Account Home Rss Feeds Iula - general articles Share your knowledge and experience with other users - Join the Iula community and write about your favorite topic !	商业银行；选择帐户主页 RSS 源 IULA - 一般文章与其他用户分享您的知识和经验 - 加入 IULA 社区并撰写您最喜欢的话题！	2
Business Class insurance will be in place for all drivers of vehicles.	将为所有车辆驾驶员提供商务舱保险。	0
Business experts may say that I am incompatible with the archetypal worker model.	商业专家可能会说我与原型工人模式不兼容。	0
Business owners have to determine whether debts are not being paid because there is either no money to pay them or other reasons.	企业所有者必须确定是否因为没有钱支付债务或其他原因而不支付债务。	1
Business Process Analysis and Management Success by design Why Casewise?	业务流程分析和管理成功的设计为什么还要如此？	2
But above all, we should reprobate specific remedies for ravaging diseases; and those benevolent, but mistaken men, who have thought they were doing a service to mankind by projecting schemes for the total extirpation of particular disorders.	但最重要的是，我们应该为肆虐的疾病重新提供具体的补救办法；那些善良但却是错误的人，他们认为他们通过计划完全消灭特定疾病来为人类服务。	2
But after a second a happy grin spread across his face, and he stared down at her in wonderment.	但一秒钟后，一只快乐的燕麦在他的脸上扩散，他在奇迹般的情况下朝她站了起来。	2
But again, again, she had yet to find anybody who cared more about how a golem looked than how well it worked.	但是，她仍然没有发现任何人更关心一枚金器的外观而不是它的工作效果。	2
But again having girls get dressed up in gowns with flowers, having music and a feast under the stars and in a tent is not something STRICTLY unique to ancient Egypt.	但是，让女孩穿上鲜花的礼服，在星空下和帐篷里享受音乐和盛宴，这并不是古埃及独有的事情。	0
But also open your heart to the acts of generosity shown to you.	但也要对向您展示的慷慨行为敞开心扉。	2
But analysts said the market will continue to face liquidity pressure as it will continue to embrace an influx of new share offerings in the second half of the year.	但分析人士表示，市场将继续面临流动性压力，因为市场将继续在下半年接受新股票的涌入。	1
But an eyewitness identified part of a license plate which matched a vehicle registered to Dutroux.	但是，一名目击者发现了一个牌照的一部分，该牌照与一辆在 Dutroux 注册的汽车相匹配。	1
But anyone who is concerned about minimizing mercury exposure should insist on its use.	但是，任何关心尽量减少汞接触的人都应该坚持使用汞。	1
But a part of me feels like Sesshomaru will never change.	但我的一部分人觉得 Sesshomaru 永远不会改变。	1
But a peregrine falcon can swoop faster than a cheetah can run.	但是，一个百富勤的猎鹰能够比一个猎豹能够跑得更快。	1
But a regular and recurrent form of devotion lights upon the most varied moods, because no one day resembles another.	但是，一种经常性的奉献精神在最多样的情绪上点亮，因为没有一个日子与另一个日子相似。	2
But ARE happy that Stallone gave a shout out to Philadelphia, the city his character represented so well.	但很高兴斯塔隆向费城大声疾呼，他的角色代表了这座城市。	2
But Ash used that same guilt to fuel the fire inside of him.	但阿什利用同样的罪过来点燃他内心的火。	1
But as the democrats campaigned and rode on the rejection of the war in Iraq, they never offered a solution.	但是，在民主党人发起反对伊拉克战争的运动时，他们从未提出解决办法。	0
But at least this way he would be able to see some benefit in going with the program.	但至少这样，他就能看到实施该计划的一些好处。	0
But at the moment he was less concerned with the metaphysical problems presented by Cosmic Traveler.	但在目前，他对宇宙旅行者提出的比喻问题不太关心。	0
But at the prison, it was different: there were plenty of weapons and plenty of space and Daryl supplied fresh meat at least a few times a week.	但在监狱里，情况却不同：有大量的武器和充足的空间，达里尔每周至少提供几次新鲜肉类。	0
But at the same time, this gives more time for the fans to threaten to hang you by your toes for not updating fast enough.	但同时，这也给了粉丝更多的时间，因为更新速度不够快，他们威胁要用脚趾把你挂起。	2
But at this event, I observed a lot of parents doing it right by taking the time to be in the moment with their children.	但在这次活动中，我看到很多父母都做得很好，花时间和孩子在一起。	1
But because its activists are not in the factories, the Socialist Party could swing very quickly to the right once it had built up a national organisation.	但是，由于其积极分子不在工厂，社会主义党一旦建立了一个全国性组织，就可以很快向右旋。	1
But because I was so close to home (literally around two corners and I was home free) and I had realised what was really happening to me I kept driving.	但是因为我离家很近（实际上是在两个角落，我是自由回家的），我意识到了我的真正情况，所以我一直开车。	2
But by now, if you own a PSP, you should have all if not majority of the stuff at hand already.	但到目前为止，如果你拥有 PSP ，你应该已经拥有所有的东西，即使不是大多数东西。	1
But by the time Elena was done with him he would be going home with three fresh bags of Heroin.	但是，埃琳娜和他在一起的时候，他会带着三袋新鲜的海洛因回家。	2
But certain actions and qualifications bring a distinct advantage.	但某些行动和资格带来了明显的优势。	1
But Coco Crisp and one of the Hermanson prospects definitely paid off, getting the Cardinals an extremely effective starter down the stretch in 2002.	但是 Coco Crisp 和 Hermanson 的一位潜在客户肯定取得了回报，使 Cardinals 在 2002 年成为一个非常有效的起始点。	2
But conservatives who support mandatory accounts have lost the moral high ground.	但支持强制账户的保守派却失去了道德高尚的基础。	0
But could Hiccup really doom Jack to an immortal life of this.	但这种情况的生命不会让杰克真正的灭亡。	2
But darkness still lingered yet its source did not stem from evil.	但黑暗仍然徘徊，但其根源并不是邪恶的。	2
But despite all his efforts, she flew off at a tangent and walked so quickly that Zoe could scarcely follow her.	但尽管他做出了种种努力，她还是在一个切面下飞了下来，走得太快了，佐伊几乎不可能跟在她后面。	2
But despite the differences in disease severity, the lag time between radiation exposure and cancer diagnosis was similar in all children.	但是，尽管疾病的严重程度各不相同，但所有儿童的辐射暴露和癌症诊断之间的滞后时间都是相似的。	1
But Developing Countries are being put under heavy pressure from public opinion, they are being required to participate in world emissions reductions, and once in the commitment is large.	但是，发展中国家正受到公众舆论的沉重压力，它们必须参与世界减排，一旦作出了巨大的承诺。	1
But disagreement is also possible if epistemic modals are used as in the dialogue in (17), which contains an epistemic modal.	但是，如果像第（ 17 ）条中的对话中那样使用了表位模数，则也可能出现分歧，该对话包含表位模数。	2
But do you doubt that the party pursued those ends, sought votes in Congress on key issues and made serious, if far from complete progress on the questions central to those groups?	但是，你是否怀疑该党追求这些目标，在国会就关键问题进行表决，并在这些集团的核心问题上取得了严重的进展？	1
But Eric Anderson pointed to what he said were key errors in the study.	但埃里克 · 安德森指出，他所说的是研究中的关键错误。	1
But even if you do live, sometimes the drugs and alcohol can cost you everything else.	但即使你活着，有时药物和酒精会使你付出一切代价。	1
But even the book he read, were a good doctrinally sound writers.	但即使是他读的那本书，也是一位很好的理论作家。	1
But every single one of them is the most misleading types of people.	但其中每一个都是最具误导性的人。	1
But every time we race to the top, a bureaucrat somewhere else in the world tries to squash us.	但每当我们争顶时，世界其他地方的一位官僚都试图让我们打壁球。	2
But for many parents affected by fasd knowing can be become a door opening.	但对许多受美国家庭发展基金会影响的父母来说，他们知道这可能会成为一个开门的地方。	2
But for nights and nights I used to imagine it, helplessly, because you had just said it.	但是，在夜晚，我常常以无助的方式想象它，因为你刚才说过它。	0
But for some time I had lost the sense of us two being quite alone in the studio.	但一段时间以来，我已经失去了我们两个人在演播室里孤单的感觉。	2
But for the most part it is very funny!	但大部分都很有趣！	0
But four plays later the Fighting Tigers fumbled the ball on a fourth down play and Russell took over at the Ironton 46.	但四场比赛后，格斗虎队在第四场比赛中猛击了球，罗素在第 46 场比赛中接管了球。	2
But from the instant we laid eyes on those curl horned ghosts, we were after RAMS!	但从我们一看那些卷曲的幽灵，我们就在愤怒的人群中！	2
But fuzzy photos and small memorabilia are relegated to cupboards or small corners on the mantelpiece all too often, only to be observed occasionally.	但模糊的照片和小纪念品往往被放在橱柜或小角落的便条上，只是偶尔观察。	1
But, having now considered in detail the evidence on progress to date there can be no doubt that there is still a major challenge ahead.	但是，在详细审议了迄今取得的进展的证据之后，毫无疑问，今后仍有一个重大挑战。	1
But having worked on some applied problems and having spent a fair amount of time teaching both the applied and the pure, I find a real love of the pure mathematics as well.	但在处理一些应用问题并花了相当多的时间教授应用和纯，我也发现了对纯数学的真正热爱。	2
But he coulda played it off for a bit longer.	但他的库尔达玩得更久了。	2
But he could do nothing without government determination and full scale decision by the Central Committee of CPSU that became a barrier on his way.	但是，如果没有政府的决心和中央社会援助委员会的全面决定，他什么也不能做，因为这成为了他的道路上的一个障碍。	1
But he forced himself to keep a straight face somehow sensing that something was wrong.	但他强迫自己保持一个直脸，不知怎么地意识到某件事是错误的。	2
But he insists monster rats would have a feeding frenzy at night if he lived any further away.	但他坚持认为，如果他住在更远的地方，怪兽老鼠在晚上会有一种疯狂的喂食。	2
But, he loved her unconditionally and tried his best to keep her safe and in a stable lifestyle, even though she was sort of famous.	但是，他无条件地爱她，尽最大努力保护她的安全，保持她的稳定生活方式，尽管她有点出名。	0
But here we provide some examples which can be pasted into your application with little change and should make things easier.	但这里我们提供了一些示例，这些示例可以粘贴到您的应用程序中，而不会有任何变化，并且应该使事情变得更容易。	0
But her plans change when mysterious men start to come after her mother and herself, seeking the information on her father.	但是，当神秘的男人开始跟她母亲和她自己一起寻找关于她父亲的信息时，她的计划就会改变。	1
But he said that he does not acknowledge my skills.	但他说他不承认我的技能。	0
But he still was waiting for them to call his bluff.	但他仍在等待他们叫他的断路。	2
But Higgins insists their qualifying fireworks will count for little when they line up against their rivals in the final.	但希金斯坚持认为，在决赛中，他们与对手的比赛中，他们的合格烟花只能算不上什么。	2
But his career in trucks started as an apprentice mechanic.	但他在卡车上的职业生涯始于学徒工。	1
But how come that April became a sexual violence awareness month?	但 4 月又是如何成为性暴力意识月呢？	1
But how good are you when it comes to...	但在谈到 ... 时，您有多好 ...	2
But how is colluding with the state within our sanctuaries an answer to this perceived problem?	但是，如何在我们的庇护所内与国家串通，才能解决这一感知的问题？	1
But I agree that a person who can kill his parents, or have a hand in their death, can certainly kill his brother.	但我也同意，一个可以杀死父母，或有一只手可以杀死他的兄弟的人。	2
But I also see how it still applies to both Fiston and me in our trying to build this village.	但我也看到，在我们建造这个村庄的过程中，它如何仍然适用于菲斯顿和我。	2
But I believe they are still more reasonable than in the Bay Area.	不过，我相信这些建议仍然较海湾地区更为合理。	1
But I can not rest until Estel is better.	但直到埃斯特尔变得更好，我才能休息。	1
But I DO own fansubbed copies of the first two seasons of Saiyuki, and Saiyuki Reload.	但我确实拥有赛义之和赛义之的前两个赛季的影印本。	2
But I feel it is a book that should translate well.	但我觉得这本书应该翻译得很好。	2
But if I am serving food and they are all trying to steal it, what am I supposed to do?	但如果我在提供食物，他们都在试图偷东西，我该怎么办？	1
But if I want to build a base of loyal visitors I need to work on both quality and quantity of content.	但是，如果我想建立一个忠实访客的基础，我需要同时研究内容的质量和数量。	0
But if not keep your attention open for those possibilities and openings that will allow you to leap forward.	但是，如果不是这样，您就可以关注那些能让您向前飞跃的可能性和机会。	2
But, I found it lying in the battery compartment way in the back.	但是，我发现它位于电池仓的后面。	0
But if you are not snavelling one channel for a monior, then the satellites are stereo !	但如果你不是在一个单声道中加速一个声道，那么卫星就会是立体声的！	2
But if you enjoy Drag racing and know how to stay in the groove and stage this game is perfect.	但如果您喜欢拖拽赛车，并且知道如何保持在赛场上，这场比赛是完美的。	2
But if you still want him to call you, you will be able to make him call you by following the strategies outlined in this guide.	但如果您仍希望他给您打电话，您将能够通过遵循本指南中概述的策略让他给您打电话。	1
But, if you think a disposition to be tolerant is an easy thing for a lot of people, you cannot possibly be from this side of the universe.	但是，如果你认为一种宽容的倾向对很多人来说是一件容易的事情，你就不可能来自宇宙的这一边。	2
But if you use bonus money to play on these games, the winnings will be paid in playable bonus money.	但如果你用奖金在这些游戏上玩，赢钱将以可玩的奖金支付。	1
But if you want a very fast dual band network and want a software solution version of Time Capsule on top of Time Machine, this is definitely a product that is worth the investment.	但如果您想要一个非常快速的双频网络，并且想要在 Time Machine 上安装 Time Capsule 的软件解决方案版本，那么这绝对是一个值得投资的产品。	0
But if you want my take on these events, I can tell them to you.	但如果你想我接受这些事件，我可以告诉你。	2
But I hear one alarming comment the other day.	但我在另一天听到一个令人震惊的评论。	1
But i just find it UNREAL she expects me to be civil and friendly after that.	但我只是觉得这是不真实的，她期待我在那之后会有文明和友好。	1
But I might have a problem if they cut my neighbors head off.	但如果他们把我的邻居砍头的话，我可能会有问题。	2
But I must say after Pinjar, my work was praised in other countries too and I really felt good about it.	但我必须指出，在品贾尔之后，我的工作也在其他国家得到了赞扬，我对此感到非常满意。	1
But in fact, the NTSB found that most states, including Minnesota, did not have rules on how to place construction materials on bridges.	但事实上， NTSB 发现，包括明尼苏达州在内的大多数州都没有关于如何将建筑材料放在桥梁上的规则。	0
But in prosecutions under subsection (a)(1), the government must prove that the defendant was impaired at the time of driving.	但在根据第 (a)(1) 款提出的检控中，政府必须证明被告在驾驶时受损。	1
But instead of being punched again, the boy received nothing in response.	但是，这名男孩没有再次遭到拳打脚踢，也没有得到任何回应。	0
But in the case of an aspirant, the experience itself is just a promise.	但是，如果是一个渴望的人，经验本身只是一个承诺。	1
But in the end it was her sticking by my side for almost two years that helped to silence the voices and bring me back.	但最后，她在我身边坚持了近两年，这有助于使声音保持沉默，让我重回自己的身边。	2
But in the last week of November the need for urgent action was already quite evident, the first task being just to make the Israeli public aware of what happened.	但在 11 月的最后一周，采取紧急行动的必要性已经十分明显，第一项任务是让以色列公众了解所发生的情况。	0
But in these there was nothing basic due to any intention of taking advantage of the mood of the time for propagation of anthroposophy.	但在这些地方，由于任何意图利用当时的情绪传播人体嗜好，没有什么基本的东西。	2
But I really wonder what will happen when Shuichi finds out the truth, which is bound to happen.	但我真的不知道当 Shuichi 发现了必然会发生的真理时会发生什么。	2
But I sometimes regret having wasted money and put some items up for auction without using items once.	但我有时感到遗憾的是，我浪费了钱，把一些物品拍卖而不使用一次。	2
But is the arbitral tribunal still impartial to decide the same issues a second time?	但是，仲裁庭是否仍然公正地再次决定同样的问题？	2
But is this the reality on the ground?	但这是否是实地的现实？	2
But I suggest this is a book that should be read by investors.	但我建议这本书应该由投资者阅读。	1
But it all goes horribly wrong when horrific circumstances take place...	但当可怕的情况发生时，一切都是可怕的错误……	1
But it also points to the age of protostate organization.	但这也表明了前列腺组织的时代。	1
But it certainly was an interesting presentation, and we hope that when we write a report we can consider your input.	但这确实是一个有趣的演讲，我们希望在我们撰写报告时，我们可以考虑你的意见。	1
But it could easily be turned into a handcrank machine.	但它很容易变成一台手摇机器。	0
But it helps to know what you want to do.	但它有助于了解您想要做什么。	0
But I think perhaps the truth is, your friendship began the first time he called you an idiot.	但我认为也许事实是，你的友谊始于他第一次把你称为白痴。	1
But I think the true magic of 'Avatar' is in the conflict of taking sides because it is a story that effects all of mankind every day.	但我认为“阿凡达”的真正魔力在于偏袒一方的冲突，因为这是一个每天影响全人类的故事。	2
But it is an equally serious failing not to see the trees for the forest.	但是，不看到森林的树木也同样严重。	2
But it is vitally important that Israel survive while these guys want to push Israel into the sea.	但是，在这些人想要把以色列推向大海的时候，以色列生存是至关重要的。	2
But its roads resemble the German autobahns all due to the good and honest management of resources by its leaders.	但它的道路与德国的自动道路相似，这一切都是因为它的领导人对资源进行了良好和诚实的管理。	1
But it was a hopeless wish as he had definitely sensed it.	但这是一个没有希望的愿望，因为他已经肯定地感觉到了。	1
But it was because of that ego that I loved him so much.	但正是因为这种自我，我才如此爱他。	1
But it was too late for Sophie and Gilda.	但对索菲和吉尔达来说太晚了。	0
But I was also really caught up in the fact that we were in town playing basketball, free of the madness.	但我也真的被卷入了这样一个事实：我们在镇上打篮球，没有疯狂。	2
But I was stubborn and walked the whole thing.	但我很固执，走了整件事。	2
But I was stubborn as well as naive and stupid so I .	但我很固执，也很天真，很愚蠢，所以我。	2
But I was under the impression that you had found your red hood.	但我的印象是你发现了你的红帽。	2
But I will say that most straight people would not pick up on these subtlties.	但我要说，大多数人不会对这些微妙的问题有任何帮助。	2
But I wouldnt and dont condone starving your body of water.	但我不会也不会宽恕饥饿你的身体。	2
But just what is happening under the covers?	但是，封面下面到底发生了什么？	1
But just when Malloy gets close to a breakthrough both he and the case fall apart - his girlfriend is murdered by the killer who also manages to escape the ensuing manhunt.	但是，就在 Malloy 接近突破时，他和案件都分崩离析——他的女朋友被杀手杀害，凶手也设法逃脱了随后的追捕。	0
But leaders of international schools tempted to enter such a market are faced with negotiating markedly different curricula, exam systems and fee structures.	但是，国际学校的领导人要想进入这一市场，就必须谈判明显不同的课程，考试制度和收费结构。	1
But Liberal sources acknowledged there were negotiations on a possible joint ticket between Mr Hockey and Queenslander Peter Dutton, who would be in the running for deputy.	但自由消息人士承认，曲棍球先生和昆士兰的彼得 · 达顿（ Peter Dutton ）之间可能就联合票进行了谈判，后者将竞选众议员。	0
But many small firms are still unsure about the value of Twitter.	但许多小公司仍不确定 Twitter 的价值。	0
But maybe that was just front these days.	但也许这只是几天前的事情。	0
But Menards officials, in a letter to the city, made it clear they have no interest in that site.	但梅纳德斯官员在给该市的一封信中明确表示他们对该地不感兴趣。	0
But mistakes happen, and everyone here understands that we have to deal with it and move on.	但错误会发生，在座的每个人都知道我们必须处理并继续前进。	0
But more on the great love shared by the two protagonist.	但更多的是这两位主角所分享的伟大爱情。	1
But mostly I need the joy of knowing God is by my side and on my side.	但大多数情况下，我都需要知道上帝是在我身边，也是在我身边的快乐。	1
But my guess is that Brad Mehldau and The Bad Plus are much more relevant points of inspiration and motivation for the Vallon trio than the ...	但我猜布拉德 · 梅尔多和 Bad Plus 对瓦隆三人来说是更相关的灵感和动机，而不是 ...	2
But not all of us fall in love in that sequence.	但并非我们所有人都在这一序列中爱上了它。	1
But now you must realize that you really have no purpose, your accidental creation only serves to feed its or others hedonistic desires.	但现在你必须意识到你真的没有目的，你的意外创造只是为了满足它或其他人的享乐欲望。	1
But of these the final cause rather corrupts than advances the sciences, except such as have to do with human action.	但其中的最终原因并不是腐蚀而不是促进科学，但与人类行动有关的问题除外。	1
But one must carefully guard oneself against the delusions which this construction of a market with direct exchange can easily engender.	但是，我们必须小心谨慎，防止这种建立一个有直接交换的市场很容易产生的妄想。	1
But only the willfully ignorant refuse to acknowledge the real reasons behind all that debt.	但只有那些故意无知的人拒绝承认所有这些债务背后的真正原因。	1
But opponents said the money would be better spent elsewhere, pointing to the drastic service cuts at transit agencies throughout the Bay Area.	但反对者们说，这笔钱最好花在其他地方，这表明整个湾区的过境机构的服务急剧削减。	1
But our current discussions are in separate silos.	但我们目前的讨论是在单独的孤岛中进行的。	1
But overall, the site is in serious need of a graphics upgrade if it wants to be taken seriously.	但总的来说，如果要认真对待，该站点需要进行图形升级。	1
But overly high expectations could lead to disappointment.	但过高的期望可能导致失望。	0
But perhaps she could only give the sorts of reasons for these positions that intelligent people without philosophical training can typically give for their fundamental normative views.	但是，她也许只能给出那些没有哲学培训的聪明的人通常可以为他们的基本规范观点给出的这些立场的原因。	2
But please get help and lean on people.	但请获得帮助并依靠他人。	1
But really, just save your cash for when you can get a worthwhile system.	但实际上，当你能得到一个有价值的系统时，你可以节省你的现金。	2
But really the problem is that their ideas and products are getting stale, people are making smarter choices because of financial and personal situations.	但真正的问题是，他们的想法和产品变得过时，人们由于财务和个人情况而做出更明智的选择。	0
But Scaldo was close to a faint, telling himself over and over this all was just a nightmare.	但斯卡尔多几乎是一个胆小的人，在这一切上说自己是一场噩梦。	2
But she also remembered the helpless people of the Fire Nation that were swept along with the machinations of their mad monarch.	但她还记得救火国家中无助的人，他们被他们疯狂君主的阴谋所席卷。	2
But, she nodded, maybe figuring that at this point she had nothing to lose, and I took it as a sign to proceed moving toward her.	但是，她点头，也许知道她现在没有什么可输的，我把它当作向她前进的一个标志。	1
But she took on a Japanese name instead.	但她却取了一个日语名字。	0
But she vows to keep to herself that she knows the secret of Clark Kent.	但她发誓要自己知道克拉克 · 肯特的秘密。	1
But sleep did not afford me respite from thought and misery; my dreams presented a thousand objects that scared me.	但睡眠不能让我从思想和痛苦中得到喘息；我的梦想带来了千件让我害怕的东西。	1
But somehow, I could feel the pain in her voice, though she was smiling at that time.	但不知怎么地，我可以感受到她的声音中的痛苦，尽管她当时在微笑。	0
But still Karbonn mobile has to do hard for maintaining its stability in the market.	但仍然需要 Karbonn 移动设备为保持其市场稳定性而努力。	1
But still they were not able to come to a decision who would drink the pond water first.	但他们仍然无法决定谁会先饮用池水。	0
But studies of infertility causes have discovered that too much of a good thing can be bad.	但对不孕症原因的研究发现，一件好事中有太多可能是坏事。	2
But surely she knew that Ennis meant a world to Jack...	但她确实知道，恩尼斯意味着杰克的世界……	2
But surely there would be children from that union - there had been so many children at their wedding in Africa, surely this young woman was fertile.	但是，肯定会有来自这个联盟的孩子——在非洲举行婚礼的孩子太多了，这位年轻妇女肯定是个富有的人。	0
But suspending a player for a few snide jabs at a fellow player for his relationship?	但是，为了他的关系，把一个牌手暂时停了几下，对一个牌手进行了一次小试。	2
But thank you to everyone who stuck with the story anyways and will continue to stick with the story.	但感谢每一位始终坚持这一故事并将继续坚持这一故事的人。	1
But that is only half of the secret ballot requirement.	但这只是无记名投票要求的一半。	1
But that split second is lasting far too long.	但第二次分裂的持续时间太长了。	2
But that would be one expensive phone bill for the entrants in the SHTP.	但对于 SHTP 的参与者来说，这是一个昂贵的电话费。	2
But the 12 software updates I got were going to take care of it at some time and I needed to keep trying it to see if it had been fixed..	但我得到的 12 个软件更新将在某个时候处理它，我需要继续尝试它以查看它是否已修复。	1
But the background score is remarkably good once the plot moves to India.	但一旦该计划迁移到印度，背景得分就会非常好。	2
But the banks have been unwilling to acknowledge these losses, opting for foreclosure and bailouts rather.	但银行一直不愿承认这些损失，而是选择取消赎回权和拯救。	1
But the bigger picture here is that Google knows that social media are the biggest threat to search, because people have only so much time in the day.	但更重要的是，谷歌知道社交媒体是最大的搜索威胁，因为人们一天只有这么多时间。	0
But the case is different if its involvement is unbeneficial to the settlement of territorial disputes among the parties concerned in the region.	但是，如果它的参与对解决该地区有关各方之间的领土争端毫无益处，情况就会不同。	1
But the chant from the minarets is hard to mimic.	但是，从尖塔上的那只鸡很难模仿。	2
But the choice is so wide that I am utterly at a loss.	但选择如此广泛，以至于我完全失去了。	2
But the Doctor gave him a warning glare and turned away to where he had stopped before the collision.	但医生给了他一个警告的闪光点，并转身去了他在碰撞前停下来的地方。	2
But the fighting between the Two Shores left its scars.	但两个海岸之间的战斗留下了伤疤。	2
But the global recession may be helping the Kurds.	但全球衰退可能会帮助库尔德人。	1
But the Golden Boy once again came to the rescue, after a rather heated argument that almost got physical; he came to his senses and sought forgiveness in his beloved.	但金男孩在一场相当激烈的争论之后，又再次来到了救援处；他来到了他的感官，并在他的心爱中寻求宽恕。	2
But the irreducable complexity concept seems to have pretty substantial intuitive strength.	但不可降低的复杂性概念似乎具有相当大的直观优势。	0
But the key to Twitter is to share.	但 Twitter 的关键是分享。	0
But the Labor Department never questioned the application, and Licking County was certified to pay the lower wages.	但劳工处从未对申请提出质疑，利克金县获得了支付较低工资的证明。	1
But the lack of success in recent court prosecutions also gives rise to doubt that any such penalty could be justified, say the Tories.	但是，最近的法院起诉缺乏成功，也使人怀疑任何这种惩罚都是合理的，如托里斯。	1
But the long tutorial and general lack of idea what to do lead to myself not keeping enough focus on this.	但漫长的指导和普遍缺乏行动的想法导致我对这一问题的关注不够。	0
But the main reason would be because of a health problem, and even then I think that getting circumsized should be the last option...	但主要原因是健康问题，即使是在那时，我也认为绕过他人应该是最后的选择 ...	1
But the miles are still there beneath you and the distance is still real.	但你的脚下仍有几英里，距离仍然是真实的。	0
But the momentum of the swing of the bag made the dragon lurch forward, and they were soon flying towards the trees.	但是，这袋的旋转势头让龙向前旋转，它们很快就飞向了树林。	2
But the more and more we sit here delegating respect back and forth, we lose track of the very subject we came to talk about and that was Mr. Stuenkel.	但是，我们越来越多地坐在这里反复授权尊重，我们失去了对我们所讨论的问题的认识，那就是斯滕克尔先生。	2
But the most ambitious project so far is the Busy Bee Center for Children with Autism, designed to provide a place for kids 18 months to three years old.	但迄今为止最雄心勃勃的项目是繁忙的自闭症儿童蜜蜂中心，该中心旨在为 18 个月至 3 岁的儿童提供一个场所。	2
But then again Hikaru had jumped so maybe she had heard him too.	但随后，希卡鲁又跳了起来，也许她也听到了他的声音。	0
But then I always distrusted the ARCHIVE account.	但我总是不信任存档帐户。	1
But then I remembered from your book it says that the lyme spirochete can reconvert to motile forms in one hour.	但我记得你的书里说里姆蜘蛛可以在一个小时内重新转换成磁贴。	2
But then there are the negatives of a place designed to part people with their money.	但是，有一个地方是为了让人们用自己的钱来做一部分，这是一个负面的地方。	1
But the only person to speak was Josiah.	但只有约西亚发言。	0
But the processis exceedingly effective at preparing them for their life as corporateemployees.	但这种过程在为他们的企业雇员生活做好准备方面极为有效。	0
But the proposed code officially recognises the right to belong to a trade union of choice and collective bargaining, except those in management positions in terms of existing labour legislation.	但是，拟议的守则正式承认加入选择工会和集体谈判的权利，但现有劳工立法中担任管理职位的工会除外。	1
But the question is whether there is any more touchpad on stock or not.	但问题在于是否有更多触摸板库存。	0
But there are adults who want to be led.	但也有成年人想要被引导。	0
But there are many banks and money changes.	但银行和货币有许多变化。	0
But there are many brands available that may work just as well.	但有许多品牌也同样有效。	1
But there are many sources of help for grieving people out there -- you just need to take the time to find it.	但有许多帮助来源可以帮助人们悲伤——你只需要花时间找到它。	2
But there are some specialists that are worth what they are paid.	但有些专家的薪酬是值得的。	0
But there are three fighters skimming the waters a couple miles out, scanning our progress and ready to get here in seconds should we need assistance.	但有三名战斗人员在几英里外的水域滑水，扫描我们的进展，并准备在我们需要帮助时在几秒钟内到达这里。	2
But the reason that I could do that because you let down on the concentration, you relaxed.	但我之所以能够做到这一点，是因为你放松了注意力。	1
But there is a certain dogged strength in realizing that you can make those delirious journeys and come through.	但在意识到您可以完成这些令人神气神气的旅程并通过这些旅程方面，存在着一定的顽固力量。	2
But there was still the matter of his girlfriend.	但他的女朋友的问题仍然存在。	1
But these claims have not dashed the hopes for the crop in the longer term.	但这些说法并没有使人们对作物的长期希望破灭。	0
But the second part of my problem is the one that is something for concern.	但我问题的第二部分是令人关切的问题。	1
But, these dwellings could still be moved from people spot to another to provide the flexibility that the veterans required.	但是，这些住所仍然可以从现场迁移到另一处，以提供退伍军人所需的灵活性。	1
But these fine particle constitute the nucleus for further deposits, ultimately leading to the formation of larger stones.	但这些细颗粒构成了进一步沉积的核心，最终导致形成较大的石头。	2
But the spinach and Taco Bell outbreaks happened anyway.	但是，菠菜和塔可钟爆发了。	1
But the systems contained in the Forex Commander vault are far more progressive and profitable when you learn to use them in the manner I reveal to you.	但是，当你学会以我向你透露的方式使用这些系统时， Forex Commander Vault 中所包含的系统就会变得更加进步和有利可图。	1
But the thought that it could be something else, worried the hell out of Jim, more than he wished.	但这种想法可能是另一种东西的想法让吉姆感到很担心，比他所希望的还要多。	2
But the towering figure moved with a frightening speed even greater than his own.	但这位高耸入云的人物的速度比他自己的速度还要惊人。	2
But the two sets of public opinion between which they were expected to compromise have been made clear by the Italian and British press for some months past.	但是，意大利和英国的新闻界几个月来都清楚地表明了两种公众舆论，预期它们将在这两种舆论之间达成妥协。	0
But the way in which British society has become ever more dominated by material goods and market relationships over the past 25 years means that a shortage of money is a greater handicap than ever.	但是，英国社会在过去 25 年中越来越多地被物质商品和市场关系所支配，这意味着货币短缺是一个比以往任何时候都更大的障碍。	0
But they never expected to have a mystery crash right at their feet!	但他们从未想到会有一场神秘的碰撞！	1
But they still think they did not pass judgment.	但他们仍然认为他们没有通过判断。	1
But they stop short of seeing the big picture.	但他们没有看到大图。	1
But they would have agreed on the need to keep to their own styles.	但他们会同意必须保持自己的风格。	1
But this also meant the others had to be at least neutral towards the blonde, so as not to endanger the mission.	但这也意味着其他人必须至少对金发保持中立，以免危及任务。	1
But this call got my attention because I thought that this might be a potential service that I could recommend to my clients.	但这一呼吁引起了我的关注，因为我认为这可能是一项我可以向客户推荐的潜在服务。	1
But this could perhaps be the subject for another discussion.	但这也许是另一个讨论的主题。	0
But this last illusion betrays the impotence of psychology and shows that it has served its turn.	但这最后一种幻想暴露了心理学的无能，表明它已经发挥了作用。	1
But this last spring hit and a number of people started pairing up.	但上个春天的时候，很多人开始配对。	1
But this morning when I went out to check on ...	但今天早上我出去检查 ...	1
But this technology like all technology is fallible, and a Trojan just may lead to the downfall of their republic.	但这种技术和所有技术一样是不可靠的，特洛伊木马可能导致其共和国的崩溃。	2
But this whole case revolves around the emotions and state of mind of the Applicant at the time, and the circumstances surrounding the IVF treatment.	但整个案件围绕着当时申请人的情绪和心态，以及围绕 IVF 治疗的情况。	0
But this would not allow them to escape higher taxes completely, since higher wages would also be taxed.	但这不会让他们完全逃避更高的税收，因为更高的工资也会被征税。	0
But through their works they enriched our experience by creating works which are both highly individual as well as universal.	但他们通过他们的作品丰富了我们的经验，创造了高度个性化和普遍性的作品。	0
Buttock Enhancement with an implant can give a very satisfactory result.	植入体的臀部增强功能可以提供非常令人满意的结果。	2
But to really get to know me is to see for yourself.	但真正认识我的是亲自去看。	2
But until those three sectors begin to show some life, it will be hard to experience a complete turnaround.	但是，在这三个部门开始出现某种生命之前，很难经历彻底的转变。	2
But Vaati, stronger than the half naked princess that lay under him, pushed her back onto the bed.	但是瓦蒂比躺在他下面的半裸公主更强，把她推回到床上。	2
But we all know Lord Harry is worth a thousand Sir Richards.	但我们都知道，哈里勋爵是有价值的千位理查兹爵士。	2
But we do not believe it is costless for the Government to take on contingent liabilities.	不过，我们认为政府承担或有负债并不是一个代价不高的问题。	2
But we have intractable problems within the MOD which need to be resolved as part and parcel of this spending reduction.	但是，我们在国防部内有一些棘手的问题，需要作为削减开支的一部分加以解决。	1
But we have lots of applications and lots of...	但我们拥有大量应用程序和大量 ...	0
But what do they need made out of glass?	但他们需要用玻璃制成什么？	0
But what has given me the courage to speak up those times that I do has been the support of other men.	但是，让我勇敢地说出我所做的那段时间，是得到了其他人的支持。	2
But what I really like is how everyone is involved.	但我真正喜欢的是每个人的参与方式。	0
But what is interesting is that the New York Times has taken a special interest in India.	但有趣的是，《纽约时报》对印度特别感兴趣。	0
But what keeps me from tryin' new drugs is a bad trip I had on shrooms back in college.	但阻止我服用新药的原因是我在大学后的一段糟糕的旅行。	1
But what stays with me is that Greg Irwin knew what was going on.	但我的原因是格雷格 · 欧文知道发生了什么。	1
But what was the most confusing of all was why had he liked it?	但最令人困惑的是，为什么他喜欢它？	0
But when a Yankee lawyer from the American Civil Liberties Union is sent to defend the rights of the unwitting townspeople, turmoil hits the town.	但是，当美国公民自由联盟的一名洋基律师被派往捍卫不知情的市街人民的权利时，骚乱袭击了该镇。	1
But when the anger starts I like to walk as briskly as I can.	但当愤怒开始时，我喜欢尽可能地勇敢地走。	2
But where would the Empire be without the Dark Times?	但是，没有黑暗时代，帝国将会在哪里？	1
But who would have known what that cheeky bugger had under his age old sleeves..	但谁会知道那个骗子在他的年龄大的袖子下有什么东西呢？	2
BUT, why are we not hearing more disapproval for the Russian government or agency for purposely deceiving adopting families by giving them false information?	但是，为什么我们不会听到更多的反对俄罗斯政府或机构故意通过提供虚假信息来欺骗收养家庭？	2
But why would someone want to foster memories that are so obviously painful?	但是，为什么有人想要培养如此明显痛苦的记忆？	0
But will he still want to be with her once he sees her in her sleeping?	但一旦看到她睡觉，他还想和她在一起吗？	1
But, will UNICEF support the TOPS Brand Label Program or does the Agency even abide by the rules of the UN Global Compact?	但是，儿童基金会是否支持顶级品牌标签计划，或者该机构是否遵守联合国全球契约的规则？	0
But yeah, skip ahead a bit, for me it was at the end of Fellowship when shit really starts to go down that I got into it, although the introduction of Aragorn was pretty cool.	但是，对我来说，跳过了一会儿，对我来说，这是在研究金的结束时，当它真的开始下降的时候，我进入了它，尽管阿拉戈恩的介绍是相当酷的。	2
But you can take comfort, ladies and gentlemen, in knowing that you are not alone in this.	但是，女士们和先生们，你可以放心地知道，你在这方面并不孤单。	1
But you can use the script language to set any zoom value you like.	但您可以使用脚本语言设置您喜欢的任何缩放值。	0
But your portrayal of these characters now seem shallow to me.	但你对这些人物的描述现在对我来说似乎很浅。	1
Buy imitrex in uk order purchase cheap with discount in the fastest online drugstore.	在英国购买 imitrex 订单在速度最快的在线药店以优惠价格购买。	2
Buying property involves a lot of money and risk so be careful and stay alert.	购买房产涉及大量资金和风险，因此请小心谨慎，保持警惕。	0
Buying tickets for bullet trains in Xiamen to require real name Passengers must show their real name when buying tickets for bullet trains in China starting June 1st, bu...	从 6 月 1 日起，购买厦门子弹列车的票时，如果乘客需要真实姓名，则在购买中国子弹列车的票时必须显示真实姓名。	1
Byakuya was not an expressive man, nor a demonstrative one, and his lover had learned to read the language of his body, because it often spoke truer than his words.	Byakuya 既不是一个表现力强的人，也不是一个示范者，他的情人学会了读他身体的语言，因为他的语言往往比他的语言更真实。	2
By: calzarm Naraku grinned wickedly and stared down at her broken body.	巴勒扎尔 · 纳鲁库（ Calzarm Naraku ）对她的骨折的身体进行了粗鲁的摆动，直视她的身体。	2
By changing your attitude to life you increase your potential to enjoy it at its fullest so that even your lowest moments can become the seeds of transformation and 'food for the soul'.	通过改变您对生活的态度，您可以提高您充分享受生活的潜力，从而使即使是最低时刻也能成为转变的种子和 " 灵魂的食物 " 。	2
By contrast all allegations involving coalition forces are subject to formal inquiries.	相反，涉及联军的所有指控都要接受正式调查。	0
By creating an exciting new way to play VPAR attracts & builds new audiences to golf as well as delivering a fresh and immersive experience for established players.	通过创造一种令人兴奋的新方式来玩 Vpar ，吸引和培养新的高尔夫观众，并为成熟的球员提供全新的沉浸式体验。	1
By doing this the fish are less likely to notice the bait looks dodgy - therefore increasing your chances of catching.	通过这样做，鱼不太可能注意到鱼饵看起来很狡猾，因此增加了捕获鱼的机会。	2
By earning points with almost every pound you spend you can then redeem these points for offers from the large range of participating retailers and merchants.	通过用您所花的每一英镑赚取积分，您可以将这些积分兑换为来自众多参与零售商和商家的优惠。	0
By embracing the knowledge young people have to share, programs and policies can be created or improved to be more effective and productive for young people; young people who will one day be the leaders of our country.	通过接纳年轻人必须分享的知识，可以制定或改进方案和政策，使年轻人更有效率和生产力；年轻人有一天会成为我国的领导人。	0
By examining his career in Buenos Aires we can gain some insight into his coming papacy.	通过考察他在布宜诺斯艾利斯的职业生涯，我们可以对他即将到来的教皇认识到一点。	1
By getting in contact with the three credit reporting agencies.	通过与三家信用报告机构联系。	0
By identifying what triggers our eating, we can substitute more appropriate techniques to manage our emotional problems and take food and weight gain out of the equation.	通过确定引发我们饮食的因素，我们可以替代更合适的技巧来管理我们的情绪问题，并从等式中获取食物和体重的增益。	2
By making use of voice overs systems the consumers will be able to conveniently use all its benefits similar to how they use their cell phones.	通过使用语音传递系统，消费者将能够方便地利用其所有好处，类似于他们使用手机的方式。	1
By means of his research Thomas learned that by just trying to treat the symptoms is not enough, he had to find and cure the cause of tinnitus.	通过研究，托马斯了解到，仅仅试图治疗症状是不够的，他就必须找到并治愈耳鸣的原因。	1
By modifying your diet and using stress relief measures, many symptoms can be reduced or even eliminated.	通过改变您的饮食和使用缓解压力的措施，许多症状可以减少甚至消除。	0
By nature it literally sucked life from everything.	从本质上讲，它简直是从一切事物中吸走生命。	2
By now Kagome had enough and started walking over to them.	到现在，卡古姆已经足够了，并开始走到他们那里。	2
By now the French would expect to see Mohammedans in coffins, in large numbers, and burning mosques.	到目前为止，法国人预计将看到大批穆斯林人在棺材中焚烧清真寺。	2
By outfitting your Mitsubishi Eclipse in different carbon fiber parts, you are going to get a faster and more efficient vehicle with better gas mileage.	通过在不同的碳纤维零件上安装三菱 Eclipse ，您将获得一辆速度更快，效率更高，气体里程更好的汽车。	2
By: Pat Foley Uhura and Spock prepare for their first visit from Sarek and Amanda.	By ： Pat Foley Uhura and Spock prepare for their first visit from Sarek and Amanda	2
By: pekeleke Harry Potter firmly believes that perfection is in the eye of its beholder...	通过： Pekeleke Harry Potter 坚信完美在其拥有者眼中 ...	2
By placing obstacles in the dogs path and using praise and repetition, the trainer begins teaching the dog how to navigate curbs and other obstacles.	通过在狗的路径上设置障碍并使用赞扬和重复，培训师开始教狗如何导航路路和其他障碍物。	1
By questioning the instructor is able to determine the experience and the background of the students.	通过提问，讲师能够确定学员的体验和背景。	0
Byron is a place that makes time stop and your life turns from being a black and white Chaplin movie to a full color Dreamworks production.	拜伦是一个让时间停下来的地方，你的生活从黑白的 Chaplin 电影转变为全彩的梦幻作品。	2
By successfully mixing and producing house and trance music, Tiesto has become one of the icons in the genre, having millions of fans worldwide and his music being respected by both fans and house music producers.	通过成功地混合和制作家庭音乐和经典音乐， Tiesto 已成为这一流派的标志之一，全世界有数百万粉丝，他的音乐受到粉丝和家庭音乐制作人的尊重。	1
By taking the load of the sleeve on the split ring, this load is transferred to the body.	通过将套筒的负载转移到开口环上，此负载将被转移到车身。	2
By testing the preform before the resin is injected any modifications required can be made – preventing a bad part from being produced.	通过在注射原料之前测试瓶胚，可以进行任何必要的修改，从而防止生产出不良产品。	0
By the end of the week I knew I was fast enough to win but the gusty conditions meant that anything could happen.	到了这一周的末尾，我知道我已经足够快地获胜了，但猜测的条件意味着任何事情都可能发生。	2
By the time he had recovered from the accident, the cloth merchant had fled with his family to another neighborhood.	到他从事故中恢复过来时，这位卖衣服的人与家人一起逃到了另一个街区。	1
By the time it ends it will be a year. i guess they wanted to give it enough time for the final couple to break up?	到了最后一对夫妇的时间，将是一年，我想他们想给最后一对夫妇足够的时间去破裂？	2
By the time they reached the Bat mobile he was practically asleep.	当他们到达蝙蝠的移动电话时，他几乎已经睡着了。	2
By understanding this good news and following a few guidelines, one can influence the way genes work in the body (this is called genetic expression).	通过理解这一好消息并遵循几条准则，人们可以影响基因在身体中的工作方式（这称为基因表达）。	1
By using mobile coupons, they are also able to directly and conveniently communicate these offers to customers in a paperless form.	通过使用移动优惠券，他们还能够以无纸形式直接方便地向客户传达这些优惠。	1
By using the 3rd party providers your clients will also not see your business name on their credit card statements but the name of the 3rd party provider.	通过使用第三方提供商，您的客户也不会在其信用卡结单上看到您的企业名称，而是看到第三方提供商的名称。	1
By William Werksman Invoice Processing Invoice Processing simply refers to scanning invoices.	作者 William Werksman Invoice Processing Invoice Processing 仅指扫描发票。	2
Byzantine jewellery and Byzantine silks were already famous.	拜占庭珠宝和拜占庭银业已闻名。	1
Cabins are made in accordance to the highest standards We take into account the design and dimension standards of the sanitary facilities in our market.	小屋是按照最高标准制造的。我们考虑到了我们市场上卫生设施的设计和尺寸标准。	1
Caine waited for her to leave before rubbing a hand over his face and walking out of the other exit.	Caine 等她离开，然后用手擦脸，走出另一个出口。	0
Cain seems to have forgotten that Allah had provided the skin of an animal to cover his parents.	Cain 似乎忘记了真主为其父母提供了一只动物的皮肤。	2
Cakewalk music software is use by more PC musicians than any other competing product.	与其他竞争产品相比，更多的 PC 音乐家使用 Cakewalk 音乐软件。	1
Calculator car loan average csr interest loan rate find hard money lenders and loans the easy way fill out one application and let pete get a hard money private money loan.	计算器汽车贷款平均 CSR 利息贷款利率找到硬钱贷方和贷款，轻松填写一份申请，让 Pete 获得硬钱私人货币贷款。	2
Calico is at its most engrossing during the scenes between Samuel and Lucia.	在塞缪尔和卢西亚之间的场景中，卡里科正处于最令人乐观的状态。	2
Called the Right to Refuse Service law, it is used often by casinos to keep out advantaged players.	赌场通常将其称为拒绝服务法的权利，以保持优势球员的地位。	1
Call for Proposals The FAHAMU China in Africa programme therefore invites interested African individuals and institutions to submit proposals in the above thematic areas.	因此，法哈穆中国在非洲方案邀请感兴趣的非洲个人和机构就上述专题领域提出建议。	0
Call her in some convenient hour and try to persuade her by sweet and convincing tone.	在方便的时候给她打电话，试着用甜美和令人信服的语气说服她。	0
Call him out bella ask what is this now?	叫他出贝拉问现在这是什么？	2
Callie agrees to stay for the night but she is leaving as soon as the restaurant closes.	Callie 同意在这里住一晚，但一旦餐厅关闭，她就会马上离开。	1
Calls must therefore require routing data before connecting to the appropriate carrier, often incurring a service charge for lookup or dip.	因此，在连接到相应的运营商之前，呼叫必须需要路由数据，这通常会导致查找或 DIP 的服务费用。	0
Call the school or organization and ask if they will accept a late application.	致电学校或组织，询问他们是否会接受延迟的申请。	0
Cambridge Clothiers View Catalog Contact Now Designer T-shirt We offer a variety of basic T shirts in diverse designs and vibrant colors.	Cambridge Clothiers View Catalog Contact Now Designer T-shirt 我们提供各种基本 T 恤，设计多样，色彩鲜艳。	1
Cameron ambles over as Chuck reverses the film to see it one more time.	卡梅伦在乔克反转电影再看一次时摇摇摇头。	2
CAMP is simply an established network of alumni and friends of the university designed to assist you in your career development.	Camp 只是一个由大学校友和朋友组成的网络，旨在帮助您的职业发展。	0
Canada stood in the doorway and tried his hand at speaking again.	加拿大站在门口，试图再次发言。	1
Canadian Aviation Museum The Canadian Aviation Museum in Ottawa offers a wide range of programs that allow students to discover the wonder of flight.	加拿大航空博物馆渥太华的加拿大航空博物馆提供了一系列的节目，让学生能够发现飞行的奇迹。	1
Canadian FC Affirms Deemed Abandonment, Despite Payment of Fees, Due to Failure to Up Help Remember Me?	加拿大 FC 确认尽管支付了费用，但由于未能正常工作而被视为放弃，从而帮助我记住了吗？	2
Canadian police are investigating the death of a seafarer on a multipurpose cargoship en route from Nunavut.	加拿大警方正在调查一名海员在从努纳武特出发的途中在一个多用途 cargoship 死亡的事件。	1
Can anyone who is bringing any food please let me know what they are bringing.	任何带食物的人，请告诉我他们带来了什么。	2
Can Candace fix everything, or will Phineas and Ferb cease to exist?	Candace 能解决一切问题，还是 Phineas 和 Ferb 不再存在？	1
Candlelight flickered off the stone walls and was swallowed up by the dark robes of the three hooded figures who stood with their wands trained on her.	蜡烛从石墙上飞走，三个戴着头罩的人的深色长袍吞下了，这些人和他们的双腿一起站在她的身旁。	2
Can he overcome his programming to save her in time?!	他能克服他的编程来节省她的时间吗？！	2
Can I do it any cheaper or does anyone know where on earth I can get some which own been salvage?	我能做得更便宜吗，还是有人知道我能在地球上的什么地方得到自己曾经被拯救过的东西吗？	2
Can i return to the US if my visa has expired?	如果我的签证已经过期，我可以回到美国吗？	0
Can I submit my resume without applying for a specific position?	我是否可以提交简历而不申请特定职位？	0
Can I use a temporary permit to complete the assignment?	我是否可以使用临时许可来完成分配？	1
Canon 60D DSLR and a Point and Shoot for those long hikes.	Canon 60D DSLR 和一个适合远足的投球点。	2
Can she convince him to let her tie him up and have her way with him?	她能说服他让她把他绑起来，让她跟他走在一起吗？	2
Can someone be a Messenger buddy without being part of my Network or on my Profile?	某人是否可以成为 Messenger 好友，而不是我的网络或我的个人资料的一部分？	2
Cantant was jailed in Lithuania in 2003 for killing his girlfriend actress Marie Trintignant during a row in a hotel room.	Cantant 于 2003 年因连续在酒店房间内杀害女友女演员 Marie Trintignant 而在立陶宛被判入狱。	2
Cant wait to see what you have in store for the fic.	等不及要看看你在商店里的东西了。	0
Can we controll who takes over should Quadaffi step down?	如果 Quadaffi 降级，我们能否控制谁接管？	2
Can we have the assurance our prayers are heard before we see the thing we have asked?	在我们看到我们所要求的东西之前，我们能否保证我们的祈祷得到倾听？	1
Can you imagine a Morpheus Eagle Knee thing crossed with a Twin?	你能想象一个摩普希斯鹰膝的东西和一个双子交叉吗？	1
Can you imagine some black running to escape his blackness?	你能想象一下，为了躲避黑马的黑度，他会跑一些黑跑吗？	2
Can you invite someone to a bachelor party if they are not invited to the wedding?	如果没有邀请某人参加婚礼，您可以邀请他们参加单身派对吗？	0
Can you play tennis with ping pong ball or the other way around?	你可以用乒乓球打网球，还是用其他方式打网球？	2
Can you please send me this fanfiction cause I wanna print it out and read it over and over.	你能不能给我这个幻想，因为我想把它打印出来，然后再读一读。	2
Can your OTE environment send us the emails that you will be sending to Registrants?	您的 OTE 环境能否向我们发送您将发送给注册者的电子邮件？	1
Can you suggest how it may be made comparable?	您能提出如何使其具有可比性吗？	1
Can you talk about his role in your life?	你能谈论他在你的生活中的角色吗？	1
Can you use the task manager to see what is taking extra cpu cycles?	您是否可以使用任务管理器来查看额外的 CPU 周期是什么？	0
Can you wonder that libertarians get so angry about the perpetration of violence and coercion on others?	你能不知道自由主义者对对他人实施暴力和胁迫的行为如此愤怒吗？	0
Capable of setting rolling caption on the screen, playing rolling caption in the advertisement program.	能够在屏幕上设置滚动标题，在广告程序中播放滚动标题。	0
Car alarm systems are meant to be attached to your car so manufacturers definitely will not tell how to get it off.	汽车报警系统是为了连接到您的汽车上，因此制造商肯定不会告诉您如何将其关闭。	1
Car and snow plow collide in Green Bay Parts of I-43 were closed for close to two hours this afternoon after a snowplow and two other vehicles collided.	在一辆雪犁和另外两辆车相撞后， 43 号 I-43 号线绿湾部分地区的汽车和雪犁今天下午关闭了近两小时。	1
Carbon dioxide is a naturally occurring chemical compound made up of two oxygen atoms covalently bonded to a single carbon atom.	二氧化碳是一种自然产生的化学化合物，由两个氧原子共同粘结到一个碳原子。	1
Care of Fruiting Trees Keep young fruit trees well nourished.	对果树的护理使幼果树营养良好。	1
Care will be given to natural lines and lines that have evolved through the years.	我们将关注多年来形成的自然线条和线条。	2
CARLSON: We want to go now to Tom Costello, MSNBC's Tom Costello who used to work at KUSA as I understand it.	卡尔森：我们现在想去汤姆 · 科斯特洛， MSNBC 的汤姆 · 科斯特洛，他曾经在库萨工作过，因为我明白这一点。	2
Carly was being held down by a huge octopus.	卡莉被一只巨大的章鱼所压下。	2
Carole Samuels is investigating the possibility of negotiating an organisational discount package with an insurance company.	Carole Samuels 正在调查是否可能与保险公司谈判组织折扣方案。	0
Carol Lasinio art prints - Paul and Peter Bring a Dead Boy Back to Life advanced search All artists in alphabetical order.	卡罗尔 · 拉西尼奥的艺术作品 - 保罗和彼得让一个死男孩回到生活，高级搜索所有艺术家的字母顺序。	2
Carol squeezed Sophia so hard that the little girl thought all of the air inside her was being depleted.	卡罗尔把索菲亚拉得太紧了，以至于那个小女孩觉得她里面的空气都在耗尽。	2
Carolyn took her to a psychiatrist because she had difficulty sleeping and seemed hyperactive.	卡罗琳把她带到一个精神病医生身边，因为她睡得不好，看起来很活跃。	2
Carrickfergus Mencap Society : Charity which campaigns for equal rights for children and adults with a learning disability and offers a variety of services to them, their families and their carers.	Carrickfergus Mencap Society ：慈善机构，为有学习障碍的儿童和成人开展平等权利运动，并为他们，他们的家人和他们的照顾者提供各种服务。	0
Carrier gas for inlet or makeup gas for detector.	用于进气的载气或用于探测器的补充气体。	0
Carry it against a block color dress for a ...	带着它穿一件块颜色的裙子来……	2
Carry your own water What do you expect when you go to Shimla?	带上你自己的水去 Shimla 的时候你会期待什么？	0
Cars How do I loosen the air release valve on my radiator?	汽车如何松开散热器上的空气释放阀？	1
Carson Ryder is back and he is in pursuit of his most dangerous adversary yet - his own brother.	Carson Ryder 回来了，他正在寻找他最危险的对手——他自己的兄弟。	1
Cars parked in the parking spaces designated for persons with disabilities must display a disability placard or special license plates provided by your state.	停放在为残疾人指定的停车场的车辆必须展示您所在州提供的残疾标牌或特殊牌照。	0
Cars with wet paint will not be accepted.	不接受喷漆的车辆。	2
Carters bedding coordinates collection provides all the basics and luxuries you need to create a beautiful and comfortable environment to foster your babys growth and happiness.	Carters Bedding Coordinates 系列为您提供所需的所有基础设施和豪华设施，营造一个美丽舒适的环境，促进您的宝宝成长和幸福。	0
Cascading style sheets were introduced to the web development world way back in 1996.	级联样式表早在 1996 年就引入了 Web 开发世界。	1
Cascais and where are located many golf courses and beaches.	卡斯卡伊斯（ Cascais ），那里有许多高尔夫球场和海滩。	0
Case two was a small Family Health Team with four separate sites located in a large urban setting with a culturally diverse patient population.	第二个案例是一个小型家庭健康小组，有四个独立的场所，位于一个有着不同文化的病人群体的大城市环境中。	1
CASEY: I go on record as being in favor of cooperation, since Paul asked earlier about cooperation.	凯西：我正式表示支持合作，因为保罗早些时候曾问过合作问题。	0
Cash back is not available when processing a signature debit card transaction.	处理签名借记卡交易时，不提供现金回。	2
Casual Golf Clothing Short sleeved or long sleeved, these quality sporting garments will keep you warm and protected on windy days.	休闲高尔夫服饰短袖或长袖，这些优质运动服装将在刮风的日子为您提供温暖和保护。	0
Categories of computer use and their relationships with attitudes toward computers.	计算机使用的类别及其与对计算机的态度的关系。	1
Catering in individual parks and at other venues is generally let to external caterers by means of an annual tender.	个别公园及其他场地的食肆一般会以每年投标的方式，提供给外地食肆。	1
Catherine herself was an avid collector and Peter the Great before her had acquired several fine Rembrandts.	凯瑟琳本人是一个狂热的收藏家，彼得大帝在她获得几个精美的伦勃朗之前也是她的伟大。	2
Cato should have learned by now that I am the one who will be in control; I am the one he will have to listen to for him to claim what it rightfully his.	卡托现在应该知道，我是一个将要控制的人；我是他必须听的人，让他声称自己的东西是正确的。	1
Causes Symptoms & Signs Exams and Tests Treatments Prognosis Possible Complications When to contact a medical professional Prevention Disclaimer Mental retardation has been added to your Health Portfolio.	病因症状和体征检查和测试治疗预后可能的并发症联系医疗专业预防免责声明智力迟钝已添加到您的健康产品组合中。	2
Cause the officers were tossing stuff around, it made the little one make a noise to give away her hiding place.	因为警察把东西扔在周围，小的人就发出了把她藏起来的声音。	2
Cause this server is in Missouri and who knows who we are giving the permission to maybe get to our personal info etc etc And do you use this proxy also for yourself?	原因此服务器位于密苏里州，谁知道我们允许谁访问我们的个人信息等… 您是否也为自己使用此代理？	2
CAUTION don not try to drive while taking Phenergan it will make you sleepy.	小心不要在使用 Phenergan 的时候开车，这会让你昏昏欲睡。	0
Cautions Talk to your doctor before taking Bee Pollen because it can cause a pollen allergy reaction.	小心在服用蜜蜂花粉之前与医生交谈，因为它可能导致花粉过敏反应。	1
Cautiously, she slipped under the sheets on the empty half of his bed and slid her arms around him.	她小心地滑过床的空半部分的床单，把手臂滑过他周围。	2
CDP Cisco Client is a highly efficient network monitor and troubleshooting tool for network administrator and network engineer.	CDP Cisco Client 是一款高效的网络监视器和故障排除工具，适用于网络管理员和网络工程师。	1
Cease watering and wait until spring to clean and divide the rhizomes and replant them.	停止浇水，等到春天清洁，然后将鼻形膜分开并重新灌放。	2
Cedar Lodge is your home away from home.	Cedar Lodge 是您的家外之家。	2
Cells were subsequently passaged 3 more times on YPAD +Hyg and streaked for single colonies on the same medium to ensure elimination of pNOY353.	随后，细胞在 YPAD +Hyg 上再经过 3 次，并在同一介质上为单个菌落链，以确保消除 pNOY353 。	1
Censorship can never be about the specifics of one case, because it ultimately effects us all in many ways.	新闻检查永远不可能涉及一个案件的具体情况，因为它最终在许多方面影响到我们所有人。	1
Centerless grinding can be employed to make almost everything you could probably imagine.	可以使用无中心研磨来制造几乎所有您可能想象到的东西。	1
Center sections cooled only by oil simplify installation, but at a possible cost in longevity unless the car is always idled down.	中央部分仅通过油冷却，简化了安装过程，但除非汽车总是被拆卸下来，否则可能会带来较长的使用寿命成本。	1
Central Bank of Syria Depicts US Accusations as Political The Javascript on your browser has been disabled or restricted.	叙利亚中央银行将美国的指控描述为 " 政治 " 。您浏览器上的 JavaScript 已禁用或受限。	1
Central Command was highly selective in funding, and lavished immense capital on their favorites.	中央司令部在资金筹措方面有高度选择性，并在其喜爱的地方大量筹集了资金。	1
Central Florida Football Schedule Home Contact Us Links About Us Partner With Us Subscribe for Free!	佛罗里达中部足球日程主页联系我们链接关于我们合作伙伴免费订阅！	1
Centralizing and simplifying desktop lifecycle management, dramatically reduces storage and endpoint costs, and provides the lowest TCO for desktops.	集中和简化桌面生命周期管理，显著降低存储和端点成本，并为桌面提供最低的 TCO 。	1
Central Locations Afternoon Tea Business travel Nightly Rates from: Nightly Rates From This is the lowest rate as determined by our system.	中心位置下午茶商务旅行夜间价格从：夜间价格从这开始是我们系统确定的最低价格。	1
CEO of Google China said: Many people asked me whether we want to develop our own operating system, but why we need to?	谷歌中国公司首席执行官说：很多人问我我们是否想开发自己的操作系统，但为什么我们需要呢？	2
Certainly in the case of this portfolio it is not a matter of hiding information.	当然，在这一组合中，这不是一个隐藏信息的问题。	2
Certainly made him sound as tough as he was.	当然，他的声音和他的声音一样强硬。	2
CERTIFICATION: Trainees who complete the course successfully qualify to the Trial Balance level of competency and receive a certificate of competency.	认证：成功完成本课程的学员有资格获得能力的试算表级别并获得能力证书。	0
Certified operators performed the hand soldering and rework operations while certified inspectors performed the inspections.	认证操作员执行手动焊接和返工操作，而认证检查员执行检查。	0
Červená Lhota lay directly in the center and thereby joined the three dominions together.	Červená Lhota 直接位于中心地带，从而将三个圆顶连在一起。	2
Chance can ignite ideas merely by asking the right question.	机会只能通过提出正确的问题激发想法。	1
Chandler ran in as soon as he got there.	钱德勒一到那儿就跑了进去。	0
Change of the Constitution in 2007 according to EU standards so that all foreigners who wish to acquire property in Bulgaria will be able to do so personally, so registering a local company will not be needed.	2007 年根据欧盟标准修改了《宪法》，以便所有希望在保加利亚获得财产的外国人都能亲自获得财产，因此不需要注册当地公司。	1
Changes at these positions to G or C may cause more resistance to DNA curvature, which may lower the binding affinity of the complex and reduce repression.	在这些位置变化到 G 或 C 可能会对 DNA 曲率产生更大的阻力，这可能会降低复合物的结合亲和力并减少抑制。	1
Changes in accounting policies described at the end of this note.	本说明末尾所述会计政策的变化。	2
Change the Data Type of the Artist Field to Number.	将艺术家字段的数据类型更改为数字。	0
Changing the settings can often do this; one should never use preset settings because all the penguins do that.	更改设置通常可以做到这一点；不应使用预设设置，因为所有企鹅都这样做。	1
Channeling such excess into activity beneficial to the business requires a tailored approach to each individual.	将此类过剩转化为有利于企业的活动需要针对每个人的量身定制的方法。	1
Chapters also are devoted to hitting the pocket and mastering left and right side spares.	章节还专门介绍如何敲出口袋和掌握左右两侧的备件。	1
Chapters pull apart contractual language and terms of art, reveal the motivations of the parties to the deal, and finally, examine the underlying substantive law.	章节将合同语言和艺术条款分开，揭示了交易各方的动机，最后，审查了基本的实体法。	2
Charizard let out a chuckle and Pikachu gave an embarrassed smile.	Charizard 发出了一阵笑声， Pikachu 给了我们一个尴尬的微笑。	1
Charles Havlat is thought to be the very last American soldier killed in action in the European operations of World War II.	查尔斯 · 哈瓦拉特被认为是第二次世界大战欧洲行动中最后一名被杀的美国士兵	0
Charleston law firm adds Greenville office Hammack Law Firm of Greenville will join Clawson and Staubes LLC based in Charleston, effective April 1.	查尔斯顿律师事务所补充说，格林维尔的格林维尔办事处哈马克律师事务所将于 4 月 1 日加入位于查尔斯顿的 Clawson 和 Staubes LLC 。	1
Charlie opened his maw to sing his heart to Sasha.	查理打开了他的马爪，向沙声唱着他的心。	2
Charlie ran over to him to make sure that he was being taken care of.	Charlie 跑到他身边，确保他得到了照顾。	0
Charlie said he would allow the system to pick up liquidity and began dropping rates by 25 basis points every few months, unless there were serious problems and then he would open the floodgates.	Charlie 表示，他将允许该系统提高流动性，并每隔几个月开始降低利率 25 个基点，除非出现严重问题，然后他将打开闸门。	2
Charlie set the guitar down on the couch and ran his fingers through his hair.	查理把吉他放在沙发上，用手指穿过头发。	0
Charmaine looked at her scared expression in the mirror.	查尔梅恩看着她在镜子里害怕的表情。	0
Chase sighed, there was no point in arguing with Drake when he got mad.	“当德雷克疯狂的时候，与他争论是没有意义的。	1
Check back as we will have a review from the Chicago shows.	请回来看看，因为我们将会看到芝加哥表演的评论。	2
Check back in daily for the latest Spring Break coverage.	请每天返回查看最新的春假报道。	1
Check back regularly to learn more from my intensive background in money management.	定期回顾，从我在资金管理方面的丰富背景中了解更多信息。	1
Check black wire from battery just prior to where it connects to the eye terminal to verify that it is not broken internally, or come loose.	检查蓄电池的黑色导线连接到眼端子之前的位置，以验证其内部是否损坏或是否松动。	1
Checking for understanding is the whole purpose of formative assessment - to validate instruction or take the time to modify or reteach before proceeding to the next level.	检查理解程度是形成评估的全部目的 - 在进入下一级之前验证说明或花时间修改或再教授。	1
Checking if all parent nodes exists for every put operation is fairly expensive, so by default the cache loader caches the existence of these parent nodes.	检查每个 PUT 操作是否存在所有父节点相当昂贵，因此默认情况下，高速缓存加载器缓存这些父节点的存在。	2
Check in was very easy and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.	登记入住很方便，员工很友好，很随和。	0
Check out even more info at the Soccer Life!	了解更多有关足球生活的信息！	0
Check out our campers of the week from each program inside!	查看我们的每周露营者的内部计划！	0
Check out our List of New Music for The Unsigned and best unknown artists.	查看我们的新音乐列表，了解未签名和最著名的艺术家。	0
Check out our new web page for pics and video!	查看我们的新网页，了解图片和视频！	1
Check out our website for the available tickets for Kelly Clarkson Greek Theater.	查看我们的网站，了解 Kelly Clarkson 希腊剧院的可用门票。	1
Check Out The 3 Amazing Videos That Will Show You How to Create A Profitable Google Adwords Campaign from start to finish!	观看 3 段精彩视频，向您展示如何从开始到结束创建盈利的 Google Adwords 活动！	1
Check out the local guides listed on this website and book a trip trip today.	请查看本网站上列出的当地导游，并立即预订旅行。	1
Check out the Perth Courier Weekender for full details.	请查看珀斯派送员周报以了解详细信息。	0
Check out the Press Release and go play with it on the Pro Towels Facebook Page.	查看新闻稿并在 Pro 毛巾 Facebook 页面上玩。	2
Check out the What kind of Halloween creature are you?!	看看你是什么样的万圣节生物？！	1
Check their website to see if they are near you.	查看他们的网站，看看他们是否在您附近。	0
Check the level with your finger to see if the fluid level was incorrect (just so you know).	用手指检查液位，以查看液位是否不正确（您就知道了）。	1
Check with the site periodically to see what offers and promotions are currently on the table.	请定期与网站联系，查看当前的产品和促销信息。	0
Check with your nursery for what is best for your area.	请咨询您的托儿所，了解您所在地区的最佳选择。	0
Check your kids hair bands and make sure they do not put them in their mouth while trying to plait or tie their hair .	检查您的孩子的头发带，确保他们在尝试上斑或绑头发时不要将它们放在嘴里。	2
Check your local planned parenthood or health department.	请检查您当地的计划生育或卫生部门。	1
Cheeks blushed a deep red and out of breath, Draco licked his lips uneasily, and eyed Harry as he pulled away.	脸颊深红，呼吸不好，德拉科轻易地舔了嘴唇，并在哈利拉脱时眼睛看着他。	2
Chef Hal will be serving a fabulous array of appetizers, entrees and desserts that will appeal to your clients and staff in a variety of venues.	主厨 Hal 将为您提供一系列美味的开胃菜，主菜和甜点，吸引您的客户和各种场所的工作人员。	1
Chegwidden grins at that, agreeing with me but also telling me that I've given in to that same blackmail on numerous occasions and for the same reasons.	切格维登对此感到很满足，同意我的观点，但也告诉我，我曾多次出于同样的原因而进行过同样的勒索。	1
Chemistry online degree programs and information for prospective students chemistry study resource and subject guide for current students.	化学在线学位课程和未来学生的信息化学研究资源和当前学生的主题指南。	1
Chewing on the end of her pen, the young mage sat in thought for a moment before tackling her note again.	这位年轻的法师在她的笔尖上咀嚼，坐了一会儿，然后再处理她的便条。	2
Chibodee wants to make sure he gets an education.	Chibodee 希望确保他获得教育。	1
Chief among the complaints has been the creation of phony campus clubs that exist only on paper.	其中最主要的投诉是创建了仅存在于纸上的虚假校园俱乐部。	1
Chief Joiner served two separate terms as Chief for a total of 25 years.	Joiner 酋长担任两个独立的酋长，任期共计 25 年。	2
Child and Adolescent Trial for Cardiovascular Health Collaborative Research Group.	心血管健康合作研究小组的儿童和青少年试验。	0
Child Matters | Play Therapy Home About Referrals Parents Resources Contact What is Play Therapy?	儿童问题 | 玩疗法主页关于转诊父母资源联系什么是玩疗法？	2
Children are encouraged and these children are expected to be superior because their parents were chosen by God.	孩子受到鼓励，这些孩子被期望为上等，因为他们的父母是上帝选择的。	2
Children born to couples in the later stages of family development usually have two parents in the home (Powell 1986).	在家庭发展后期由夫妇所生的子女通常在家里有两个父母（ Powell 1986 年）。	1
Children construct relationships with others who are similar to themselves or to whom they are attracted.	儿童与与与自己相似或被吸引的其他人建立关系。	2
Children get the most out of play if they have the chance to explore a range of activities that they are naturally drawn to.	如果孩子们有机会探索一系列自然吸引的活动，他们就能充分发挥他们的作用。	1
Children have a knack of being excited by the looks of their possessions.	孩子们对自己的财产的外观感到兴奋。	2
Children make a clear path for me to walk to my chosen fate.	孩子们为我走在自己选择的命运上开辟了一条明确的道路。	2
Children start school with skills that are broadly in line with expectations for this age.	儿童开始上学的技能大致符合对这一年龄的期望。	1
Children this age may also appear to lie because they have honestly forgotten things.	这一年龄的儿童也可能因为他们确实忘记了事情而撒谎。	0
Children under two years of age are also at high risk for becoming sick.	两岁以下的儿童也有患病的高风险。	1
Children whose parents abuse substances are almost three times more likely to be abused and more than four times more likely to be neglected than other children are.	父母滥用药物的儿童，其受到虐待的可能性几乎是其他儿童的三倍，被忽视的可能性也是其他儿童的四倍以上。	1
China also supported a working group to establish biosafety guidelines with a view towards the possible negotiation of a protocol.	中国还支持设立一个工作组，以制定生物安全准则，以便有可能就议定书进行谈判。	0
China China has widely been increasing and outpacing its neighbouring Asian countries.	中国的经济增长速度已远远超过了其周边亚洲国家。	0
China currency bill passes US Senate test - Legislation meets threshold to be put to a final vote despite warnings from the White House that it might contravene international law...	中国货币法案通过了美国参议院的测试——尽管白宫警告说立法可能违反国际法，但立法达到了最终表决的门槛。	0
China is almost a perennial choice as a place to watch.	中国几乎是一个长期的选择，是一个值得关注的地方。	2
China is not only the country with the biggest population in the world but can also boast of one of the oldest civilizations on our planet.	中国不仅是世界上人口最多的国家，也可以夸耀地球上最古老的文明之一。	1
Chinese Domain Name is one of Internationalized domain names that contains Chinese characters.	中文域名是包含中文字符的国际化域名之一。	0
Chloe especially has a knack for knowing where a kitty is at almost all times, even if she outwardly has not shown any signs of paying any attention to said kitty all day.	特别是，虽然她在表面上没有任何迹象表明整天都在关注猫的存在，但他几乎一直都知道猫在哪里。	1
Chloral is proven to diminish the oxidizing capacity of the tissues, and hence we learn when not to use chloral.	事实证明，猪口降低了组织的氧化能力，因此我们学会了何时不使用猪口。	2
Chloride Chloride works in concert with sodium and potassium to regulate pH in the blood and the passage of fluids across cell membranes.	氯化物与钠和钾协同工作，以调节血液中的 pH 值和液体在细胞膜上的流通。	1
Chocolate and vanilla are still the only two flavors served here.	巧克力和香草仍然是这里唯一供应的两种口味。	1
Chocolate Covered Strawberry Ingredients First we need the strawberries.	巧克力覆盖草莓成分我们首先需要草莓。	1
Chocolate powder fell out if you inclined one end above the other, and you almost invariably coughed when you inhaled for the first time.	如果你把一端比另一端倾斜，巧克力粉就会掉下来，当你第一次吸入时，你几乎总是咳嗽。	1
Choice of diastolic Korotkoff and blood pressure could affect DBP tracking from childhood into adulthood.	舒张期 Korotkoff 和血压的选择可能会影响从童年到成年的 DBP 跟踪。	2
Choose eyeshadows that are neutral in color because they allow you to blend into your appearance in a subtle fashion.	选择颜色中性的眼皮，因为它们允许您以微妙的方式融入您的外观。	2
Choose one of the listings below to view detailed information on each Toyota Camry in Depew.	从下面的列表中选择一项，查看有关 Depew 中每台丰田卡姆里的详细信息。	1
Choose the design that suits the look you want.	选择适合您所需外观的设计。	0
Choose the OTM Accept option after defining the base point.	定义基点后选择 OTM 接受选项。	0
Choose your beloved travelling bag in the clutches sales and hang your order to buy that.	在离合器销售中选择您心爱的旅行包，并悬挂您的订单以购买。	1
Choose your current give back flight ticket immediately.	立即选择您当前的返程机票。	0
Choosing your security company This could mean a big risk to your safety.	选择您的安全公司可能会给您的安全带来巨大风险。	0
Chouji was helping Hizano up and Hinata went to grab Anka by the shoulders and lead her away from the stern.	Chouji 正在帮助 Hizano 上升， Hinata 去抓住 Anka 的肩膀，带领她离开船尾。	2
Chris Herring and Tom Schrimshaw were both selected from over 2000 exhibitors for their Major Projects in the Congress show at Old Billingsgate.	Chris Herring 和 Tom Schrimshaw 都是在老比林斯盖特的国会演出中从 2000 多家参展商中挑选出来的，以完成他们的主要项目。	0
Chris is the Director of Education for the Insurance Journal Academy of Insurance and is the author of two books and numerous articles on these two subjects.	Chris 是《保险杂志》保险学院的教育总监，他撰写了两本书籍和多篇关于这两个科目的文章。	0
Chris Osgood played better than he ever has.	Chris Osgood 的表现比以往任何时候都要好。	1
Christians believe that Jesus body which had been killed was raised to life and that He was seen alive by various people at various times, where he gave evidence ...	基督徒认为，被杀害的耶稣的尸体被复活了，在不同的时间里，他被人们看到活着，在那里他提供了证据。	2
Christians from Europe did horrible things all over the world.	来自欧洲的基督徒在全世界做了可怕的事情。	1
Christmas Log Cabin Holidays - Fabulous Breaks Through The United Kingdom It is winter and the nights have drawn in and the excitement is building for Christmas.	圣诞木屋假日——在英国度过了美妙的假期。现在是冬天，夜晚已经吸引住了，圣诞期间的兴奋之处在于。	2
Christmas sock tickets Tooele Ladies of Elks are selling tickets for an 8-foot Christmas sock filled with gifts.	圣诞袜子门票 Tooele Elks 女士正在出售一款 8 英尺长的圣诞袜子的门票，该袜子装满了礼物。	1
Christology is an area that has been in need of increased attention within evangelicalism anyway.	无论如何，基督教是福音派中需要更多关注的一个领域。	1
Christopher is a big fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, but for some reason we have never made our own recipe.	克里斯托弗是费城切斯牛排的忠实粉丝，但出于某种原因，我们从未制作过自己的食谱。	1
Chroma values were slightly higher for peppers from the first harvest.	第一次收获后，辣椒的色度值略高。	0
Churning coconut or custard ice cream on Sunday and licking the palette.	周日品尝椰子或奶油冰淇淋，品尝调味汁。	1
Cigarettes are a substitute for real communication and true freedom and contact...	香烟可以代替真正的沟通和真正的自由与接触 ...	0
Cilest can be used by women over the age of 18 who require a convenient daily method of contraception.	Cilest 可供 18 岁以上需要方便日常避孕方法的妇女使用。	1
Cindy looked towards Jennifer and they began a silent deliberation.	辛迪望着珍妮弗，他们开始了沉默的讨论。	1
Circuit Training Whole body workout to tone up and lose weight.	循环训练全身训练，提高语气并减轻体重。	1
Cisco Advanced Services routinely provides expert support for either of these approaches and further customization.	思科高级服务会定期为这些方法和进一步定制提供专家支持。	1
Cisco SDM displays a username and password dialog to allow you to login to the CM.	Cisco SDM 会显示用户名和密码对话框，允许您登录 CM 。	0
Citibank increased some of their customers' interest rates before they made a late payment, and then offered a partial refund of finance charges if the customer paid their bill on time.	花旗银行在延迟付款之前提高了客户的部分利率，然后在客户按时支付账单时提供部分融资费用退款。	0
Cities generate wealth by bringing large numbers of people into proximity with one another.	城市通过使大量人口相互接近而创造财富。	1
Citizens who adhere rigidly to traditional social norms lack the psychological independence from political leadership necessary to make political judgments.	严格遵守传统社会规范的公民缺乏作出政治判断所必需的政治领导的心理独立性。	1
City officials paved the way for the restructuring by allowing the park to sidestep local zoning rules and sell off 33 acres of land for development.	城市官员允许公园规避地方分区规则，出售 33 英亩土地用于发展，从而为重组铺平了道路。	2
City staff also anticipates the City Council, as required by SB2, will approve an Ordinance Amendment to treat transitional and supportive housing as a residential use.	市政工作人员还预计市议会将根据《第二次战略计划》的要求，批准一项法令修正案，将过渡性和辅助性住房作为一种住宅用途。	1
Clare stared down at the blood dripping from her wrists.	克莱尔望着手腕滴下的血。	0
Clary hopped into the lane with them and somehow a hyperactive little girl named Annie joined them.	克莱里和他们一起跳入了车道，一个叫安妮的超级活跃的小女孩加入了他们的行列。	2
Classes are designed to be hands on and project based.	课程设计为基于实际操作和项目。	1
Classes are offered in a variety of formats and time frames.	课程提供多种格式和时间范围。	1
Claudette smiled and kissed him in the lips.	克劳德特笑了起来，用嘴唇吻了他。	1
Clause 38 requires the regulator to keep and publish a list of sensitive reserves and public parks (investments in land adjoining the listed reserves and parks require consent).	条例草案第 38 条规定监管机构须备存及公布一份敏感保护区及公众公园的名单（对毗邻名单所列保护区及公园的土地的投资须获得同意）。	0
Clay is our secret and its one of our simplest and most effective processes you can do to your car.	粘土是我们的秘密，也是我们最简单，最有效的汽车流程之一。	2
Clean Access Agents are optional and are distributed free of charge.	清洁访问代理是可选的，并且免费分发。	2
Clean Sharm Progress Sponsored by Magic Life Hotel, the May 23rd Clean Up by Clean Sharm took place in Nabq.	由 Magic Life Hotel 赞助的 Clean Sharm Progress 于 5 月 23 日在 Nabq 进行了 Clean Sharm 的清理。	2
Clearly, additional studies will be required to determine the normal functions of p73 and to determine whether it plays any role in human carcinogenesis.	显然，需要进行更多的研究，以确定 p73 的正常功能，并确定它是否在人类致癌中发挥任何作用。	0
Clearly, if there has been a history of systematic discrimination against Methodists, then Congress has the right to experiment to determine how to get at that particular issue.	显然，如果有一贯歧视甲碘化物的历史，那么国会有权进行试验，以确定如何解决这一特定问题。	1
Clegg buys a van and a house in the country with an enclosed room in its basement that he remodels to make securable and hideable.	克莱格在国内购买了一辆面包车和一座房子，地下室有一个封闭的房间，他对房间进行了改造，以使其变得安全和隐蔽。	1
Click 'Apply now' Check and confirm your details Please check the details we have for you are correct.	单击 " 立即申请 " 检查并确认您的详细信息请检查我们为您提供的详细信息是否正确。	1
Click Download button to read more about Ragnaros alliance guide for World of Warcraft.	点击“下载”按钮，阅读有关《魔兽世界》的 Ragnaros 联盟指南的更多信息。	0
Click for details Financial Calculators Download these 16 fabulous calculators and make your own financial decisions fast and easy!	单击以了解详细信息财务计算器下载这 16 个极好的计算器，并快速轻松地做出您自己的财务决策！	1
Click here for more information about becoming a member of The Bible Chapel.	点击此处了解更多有关成为圣经教堂成员的信息。	0
Click Here For More Information New Brokers Please review our various programs!	单击此处了解更多信息新经纪人请查看我们的各种计划！	0
Click here for related articles menu La Santa offers sackful of sport in the sunshine FIONA RUSSELL January 05 2009 At home, I feel smug if I squeeze in three exercise sessions a week.	点击这里查看相关文章菜单 La Santa 在阳光下提供了运动项目 Fiona Russell 2009 年 1 月 5 日在家，如果我每周挤三次锻炼，我会感到很受欢迎。	2
Click here to go to the Long Trail page.	单击此处转至 Long Trail （长轨迹）页面。	0
Click here to see our full security and privacy policies.	单击此处查看我们的完整安全和隐私政策。	0
Click here to see the safety deposit box document.	单击此处查看保险箱文档。	0
Click here to sign up for and begin the academic portion of the PADI Open Water Scuba course online and start your learning now!	单击此处注册并开始在线 PADI 开放水域潜水课程的学术部分，立即开始学习！	1
Click on the exact replica kate spade handbags link below to visit our recommended site with valuable content about exact replica kate spade handbags.	点击下方的准确副本 Kate spade 手提包链接，访问我们推荐的网站，了解准确副本 Kate spade 手提包的宝贵内容。	2
Click on the Groupon link below and you will see what I am talking about!	单击下面的 Groupon 链接，您将看到我所说的内容！	0
Click on the spot again and the menu item will slide back.	再次单击该点，菜单项将滑回。	0
Click on the table to tie the rope to it, and keep the bookcase upright.	单击桌子将绳子系在桌子上，并保持书柜的竖直。	2
Click on the text bubble to initiate a conversation.	单击文本气泡启动对话。	0
Click preview button to listen to Lady Pank Mala Lady Pank 30 seconds track preview.	单击预览按钮，收听 Lady Pank Mala Lady Pank 30 秒曲目预览。	2
Click the Add Item button on the top left of the Gradebook toolbar.	单击“ Gradebook ”工具栏左上角的“添加项目”按钮。	0
Click the Modify Answer icon located to the left of the answer you want to suspend.	单击要暂停的答案左侧的修改答案图标。	2
Click the Other Search Types: Ovid also allows you to perform special types of searches for very specific pieces of information.	单击其他搜索类型： Ovid 还允许您对非常特定的信息执行特殊类型的搜索。	0
Click the swatch for the texture you want to use.	单击要使用的纹理的色样。	0
Click to enlarge + Step 4: Remove the tank Use a wrench to remove the nuts located beneath the tank at the rear of the toilet bowl.	单击以放大 + 步骤 4 ：使用扳手卸下位于马桶后部的储罐下方的螺母，卸下储罐。	1
Click to enlarge Two Philadelphia foundry workers named John Pass and John Stow were given the cracked bell to be melted down and recast.	点击放大两名费城铸造厂工人约翰 · 帕斯和约翰 · 斯托获得了破裂的钟状，将其熔化并重新溶化。	1
Click to review an article in the December 9th edition of The Sunday Chicago Tribune, and an article written by Marilyn Kennedy Melia, for more detail.	点击查看 12 月 9 日《芝加哥周日论坛报》中的一篇文章以及玛丽莲 · 肯尼迪 · 梅利亚（ Marilyn Kennedy Melia ）撰写的一篇文章，了解更多详细信息。	0
Clients are empowered to overcome challenges in their lives such as housing, family relationships, and domestic violence.	客户有权克服生活中的挑战，如住房，家庭关系和家庭暴力。	1
Clients at every level of experience and at every stage of the event management process really benefit from having an expert available regularly.	在每个级别的经验和事件管理流程的每个阶段，客户都能从定期提供专家中受益。	1
Climate and concentration of people affects foods grown and consumed.	气候和人口的集中影响着种植和消费的食物。	1
Climate Two large climatic zones can be distinguished in Croatia.	气候两大气候区在克罗地亚是可以区分的。	2
Clinical issues and technological advancements in assistive and augmentative communication applicable to critical care are also discussed.	还讨论了适用于关键护理的临床问题以及辅助和辅助沟通方面的技术进步。	1
Clinical trials: Trials to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of medications or medical devices by monitoring their effects on large groups of people.	临床试验：通过监测药物或医疗设备对大量人群的影响来评估其有效性和安全性的试验。	2
Clips and other fittings must be placed so as not to cause a risk to any pedestrians.	必须放置卡夹和其他配件，以免对任何行人造成危险。	0
Clonex has a full spectrum of primary nutrients and trace elements...	Clonex 具有完整的原始营养素和痕量元素谱 ...	0
Cloning of the target protein can reveal insights into the interaction of the antioxidants with its receptors and inhibition of inflammatory cytokine expression at a molecular level by the antioxidants.	克隆靶蛋白可以揭示抗氧化剂与其受体之间的相互作用，以及抗氧化剂在分子层面抑制炎性细胞因子表达。	0
Close liaison with the Service Police Crime Bureau, GCP and other agencies to protect the community from sexual offenders.	与警署罪案调查科，公安及其他机构保持紧密联系，以保护社会免受性罪犯的侵害。	0
Closure corrective methods could only be used to derive the physically small crack growth behavior from long crack growth without the ability to capture microstructure effects.	闭合纠正方法只能用于从长裂纹生长中得出物理上较小的裂纹生长行为，而不能捕获微结构效应。	1
Clothing and textile companies have numerous machines to choose from, including the streamlined models which are specifically made to create particular products.	服装和纺织公司有许多机器可供选择，包括专门制造特定产品的简化模型。	0
Cloud Computing has the potential to redefine information processing in ways that we have not fully understood yet, and it could be the driver for huge, ubiquitous bandwidth everywhere.	云计算有潜力以我们尚未完全理解的方式重新定义信息处理，它可能是巨大，无处不在的带宽的驱动因素。	1
Clozapine acts as an antagonist at other receptors, but with lower potency.	环状氨酸在其他受体上起对抗作用，但其效力较低。	1
CNEWA was instrumental in providing startup funds to get the fledgling group off the ground.	CNEWA 在提供创业资金以使新兴群体离开地面方面发挥了重要作用。	2
CNN is interviewing Edgar Mitchell and others this week on his UFO encounters.	CNN 本周正在采访 Edgar Mitchell 和其他人，了解他在 UFO 的遭遇。	2
Coal plants are one of the dirtiest ways to generate electricity, and now is the time to tell our government that we want clean alternatives.	煤炭是最脏的发电方式之一，现在应该告诉我们的政府我们需要清洁的替代品。	0
Coast Guard SK Dick Walker was particularly happy about the donation, as he has been buying bulbs out of his own pocket for the past three years.	在过去的三年里，美国海岸警卫队的 SK Dick Walker 一直在用自己的口袋里购买灯泡，因此他对这笔捐款感到特别高兴。	1
Code Alpha sends him up to the bridge.	Code Alpha 将他送到桥上。	0
Code foundations offer on the ordinary farm in microsoft dynamics erp files to use first regulations through a structure of engine results.	代码基础在 Microsoft Dynamics ERP 文件的普通群中提供了通过引擎结果结构使用第一个法规的功能。	1
Code of Conduct The Code of Conduct is designed to promote discussion and debate in a respectful manner.	行为准则《行为准则》旨在以尊重的方式促进讨论和辩论。	0
Cod tramafol solutions with this website has information on cd tramadol with we sell cod tramado and expert in cod tramado.	使用此网站的鳕鱼蹦床解决方案包含有关 CD 蹦床的信息，我们销售鳕鱼蹦床，并拥有鳕鱼蹦床专家。	2
Cole Haan Retail is the connection between good things and the people who make good things happen.	Cole Haan Retail 是好东西和好东西的人之间的联系。	2
Collateral counsel was obligated to prepare and file a federal habeas petition.	附属律师有义务准备和提出联邦人身保护请愿。	1
Collectively directing our attention to the issue of poverty, even for a day, can encourage us to work together to assist those who need help and address the root causes of the problem.	集体地将我们的注意力集中在贫困问题上，即使是一天，也能鼓励我们共同努力，帮助那些需要帮助的人，并解决问题的根源。	1
Colleen is nationally well recognized within the Embryology community.	Colleen 在 Embryology 社区中获得了全国公认。	1
College of Progressive Education does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.	进步教育学院不向第三方出售，出租或出租其客户名单。	1
Colon cancer including olive oil in the diet may have a protective effect against colon cancer when compared to other fats.	结肠癌–与其他脂肪相比，饮食中包括橄榄油可能对结肠癌产生保护作用。	2
Color all the way controlled by eye up to lashes.	颜色始终由眼睛直至灰度控制。	2
Color mode echo images were calculated after adaptive filtering of the images which show the tissues in separate colors and highlight the details of reconstructed cleft lip.	彩色模式回波图像是在自适应过滤图像后计算的，这些图像以不同的颜色显示组织，并突出显示重建的唇裂的细节。	0
Color Toner Plus Formulates and Manufactures Compatible Refill Toners for Color Laser Printers, Color Copiers and other Electronic Color Printing Devices.	Color Toner Plus 可为彩色激光打印机，彩色复印机和其他电子彩色打印设备制作和制造兼容的补充墨粉。	1
Colville Gardens by onefinestay offers the unique opportunity to live in a 1-bedroom London home while the own...	Colville Gardens by onefinestay 为您提供独特的机会，让您可以在一间卧室的伦敦家庭中生活，而不是独自居住 ...	1
Combat experience is the key to prestigious military posts, which in turn often become springboards for positions of power in civilian life.	战斗经验是著名军事职位的关键，而这些职位又往往成为平民生活中权力职位的跳板。	0
Combined with a possible lens array system, the 8 percent efficiency goal could be reached in the next couple years.	结合可能的镜头阵列系统，在未来几年内可以实现 8% 的效率目标。	0
Combining this feature with JENNIFER Smart UI allows administrator to identify, analyze and create solutions to performance problems all at once in record speed, thus minimizing system downtime.	通过将此功能与 Jennifer Smart UI 相结合，管理员可以以创纪录的速度一次性识别，分析和创建性能问题的解决方案，从而最大限度地减少系统停机时间。	1
Come along as we go for a walk with one of the last remaining medicine men in the BVI's!	和英属维尔京群岛最后剩下的一个医生一起散步吧！	2
Come and see the plans on Tuesday 18 March and the Elderbank Hall.	来看看 3 月 18 日星期二的计划和埃尔德班克大厅。	0
Come and support the Maverick Marching Band as we conclude our 2009 competitive marching season.	在我们结束 2009 年竞争激烈的马拉松赛季时，欢迎来支持梅维里克马匹克乐队。	1
Come back next year and Coulter will be weighing in on the presidential campaign as if none of this brouhaha ever happened.	明年再来，库尔特将在总统竞选中进行权衡，似乎这一切都没有发生过。	1
Come burn some calories and sweat in the sun with good people.	快来和好的人一起在阳光下燃烧热量和汗水吧。	1
Come by and pick up the Registration Packet and take a tour of our school.	快来挑选注册包，参观我们的学校。	1
Come early and have a cup of tea at the studio, check out their new spring class schedule.	早点来，在工作室喝杯茶，看看他们新的春季课程安排。	0
Come join us sometimes and besure to check in at greeters table and introduce yourself.	有时加入我们，在迎宾台登记入住，并自我介绍。	2
Come on in &amp; browse our directory of the most exciting biker bars in Orleans County.	来浏览我们的奥尔良县最令人兴奋的自行车酒吧名录。	2
Come on Larry and Sergey if you need more money just let us know and we will pass the hat.	如果你需要更多的钱，就来 Larry 和 Sergey 吧，让我们知道，我们就会把帽子传给你。	1
Come out, have a drink and mingle with our ever growing Silicon Beach Ecommerce community.	快来喝一杯，与我们不断发展的 Silicon Beach 电子商务社区交流。	1
Comes with a convenient traveling pouch so you can enjoy it both at home and on the go.	随附方便的旅行软袋，让您在家中和旅途中都能享受到。	1
Comes with a heater and a private bathroom with a hairdryer.	配有加热器和带电吹风的私人浴室。	0
Coming off substantial injuries, and the worst year of my career, I needed something to propel me to the level I believed I was capable of.	在我职业生涯中最糟糕的一年，我需要一些东西来推动我达到我相信我能够达到的水平。	0
Command them to dig tunnels, build steps, stop traffic and climb walls so that they can escape each perplexing level.	命令他们挖掘隧道，建造台阶，阻止交通并攀爬墙壁，以便他们能够摆脱每一个令人困惑的级别。	2
Comment on Food of Jorunna funebris by Lindsay Warren.	评论林赛 · 沃伦 (Jorunna funebris 的食物 ) 。	2
Comment on this personal statement There are no comments for this page.	评论此个人陈述本页没有评论。	2
Comments (0) Shopping For A Brazilian String Bikini If you have worn a string bikini swimsuit before then you might have heard the term Brazilian string bikini used to describe certain bikinis.	备注 (0) 购买巴西串比基尼如果你以前穿过串比基尼泳衣，那么你可能会听到用来描述某些比基尼的巴西串比基尼一词。	2
Comments: Leave a Comment Closure This seem like the perfect time and opportunity to maintain a form of closure, setting the records straight, end things for the year and begin a new one afresh.	评论：留下评论结束这似乎是保持某种形式的结束，设定记录直立，结束一年的事情并重新开始一个新的结束的完美时机和机会。	2
Comments Off A wedding day is one of the most important days in the life of a bride.	婚礼当天的评论是新娘一生中最重要的日子之一。	2
Comments Off Electric and gas are classified as the major means for preparing.	关于电力和天然气的评论被归类为主要的准备手段。	2
Comments Other users have left no comments for knalb.	注释其他用户没有为 knalb 留下注释。	1
Comments Tarot Readings Are you looking for a professional tarot reading undertaken by an expert tarot reader?	评论 Tarot Readings 您是否正在寻找由专家 tarot 读者进行的专业 tarot 阅读？	2
Commissioner Forbush made a motion to sign the DEQ loan application for the Last Chance Wastewater Facility.	福尔布什专员提出动议，要求签署 DEQ 最后机会废水处理设施贷款申请。	1
Commissioner Oroke stated that was the amount proposed to the board by the City of Tonanoxie.	专员奥罗克说，这是 Tonanoxie 市向董事会提议的数额。	0
Commitment to the Success of All As exemplified in our theme, the unit expects candidates to commit to the success of all students.	本单元致力于所有人的成功，正如我们的主题所示，希望候选人致力于所有学生的成功。	1
Committee Member Rose suggested someone from the hospital and casino be recruited to apply for the TAC.	委员会委员罗丝建议，应聘请医院和赌场的人士申请交谘会。	0
Common widespread aches and pains, along with other symptoms makes this disease difficult for physicians to diagnose but it can be controlled through exercise, rest and diet.	常见的广泛疼痛和其他症状使得医生很难诊断这种疾病，但可以通过运动，休息和饮食控制。	2
Communication and dataverification tests ensure successful trading and ongoing operations.	通信和数据验证测试确保成功交易和持续运营。	0
Communication channels are a major part of any telemetry system.	通信信道是任何遥测系统的主要组成部分。	1
Communication skill training is never complete without analyzing communication styles and learning how to communicate effectively with different personality tendencies.	如果不分析沟通方式并学习如何与不同的个性倾向有效沟通，沟通技能培训就永远不会完成。	1
Community centers will expand services to meet a variety of needs in a centralized location.	社区中心将扩大服务范围，以满足集中地点的各种需求。	0
Companies large and small are incorporating online marketing into their marketing strategy mix.	无论规模大小的公司都在将在线营销纳入其营销战略组合中。	0
Companies that manufacture drugs or other medical products often have websites with lots of information aimed specifically at paitents.	制造药物或其他医疗产品的公司通常拥有专门针对患者的大量信息的网站。	0
Comparative Analysis The comparison of the performance level of a farm business to the performance level of other similar farms in the same area, or to other established standards.	比较分析农场业务的绩效水平与同一地区其他类似农场的绩效水平或与其他既定标准的比较。	1
Compared by athletes to the new Speedo suits worn by Olympians in Beijing in 2008, Spira shoes are gaining ground in athletic competition.	与 2008 年奥运会选手在北京穿上的全新 Speedo 西装相比，斯皮拉鞋在体育比赛中获得了越来越多的成绩。	1
Compare house insurance policies and peruse all our useful information and tips to ensure your decision is the right one.	比较房屋保险政策，仔细阅读我们所有有用的信息和提示，确保您的决策正确。	0
Compare our different card payment processing services to see which one suits your business needs best.	比较我们不同的信用卡支付处理服务，了解哪种服务最适合您的业务需求。	0
Compare the gymnasiums against each other whilst continuing to narrow down the gymnasiums until you find the right one for you.	比较体操之间的对比，同时继续缩小体操的范围，直到你找到适合你的体操。	1
Compare the results and describe some advantages and disadvantages of each rectifier in your conclusion.	比较结果，并在结论中描述每个整流器的优点和缺点。	0
Compare to soft drinks or juices or even some of the bottled water...	与软饮料，果汁甚至一些瓶装水相比 ...	2
Comparing Shetland to other countries puts breast cancer into perspective as a cause of death locally compared to other places.	与其他国家相比，谢特兰将乳腺癌作为当地死亡原因纳入了视野。	1
Comparing the two schedules, neither team is likely to get a win, but I could see an upset happening along the way.	比较这两个时间表，两个团队都不可能取得胜利，但我可以看到沿途出现的沮丧情绪。	2
Comparison of different methods for chlorophyll and phaeopigment determination.	对叶绿素和石膏测定的不同方法进行比较。	0
Compassion strongly believes in the sanctity of life.	同情心坚信生命的神圣。	2
Competencies can be of particular use in recruitment and selection and in professional learning and development.	能力在征聘和甄选以及专业学习和发展方面特别有用。	1
Competitive Detox Foot Patch products from various Detox Foot Patch manufacturers and Detox Foot Patch suppliers are listed above, please select quality and cheap items for you.	上面列出了来自多家 Detox 足部贴片制造商和 Detox 足部贴片供应商的竞争对手 Detox 足部贴片产品，请为您选择质量和便宜的产品。	1
Competitive gianmar colorenzi lady shoes products from various gianmar colorenzi lady shoes manufacturers and gianmar colorenzi lady shoes suppliers are listed above, please select quality and cheap items for you.	上面列出了来自不同 gianmar colorenzi 女士鞋制造商和 gianmar colorenzi 女士鞋供应商的竞争型 gianmar colorenzi 女士鞋产品，请为您选择质量和便宜的产品。	1
Competitive mini automobiles products from various China mini automobiles manufacturers and mini automobiles suppliers are listed below, please view them and select the most helpful info for you.	下面列出了来自中国小型汽车制造商和小型汽车供应商的竞争型小型汽车产品，请查看它们并选择最有用的信息。	1
Competitive open circuit cement products from various China open circuit cement manufacturers and open circuit cement suppliers are listed below, please view them and select the most helpful info for you.	下面列出了来自中国多家露天水泥制造商和露天水泥供应商的竞争开放电路水泥产品，请查看它们并选择最有用的信息。	1
Competitive permanent pens products from various permanent pens manufacturers and permanent pens suppliers are listed above, please select quality and cheap items for you.	上面列出了来自各种永久性钢笔制造商和永久性钢笔供应商的具有竞争力的永久性钢笔产品，请为您选择质量和便宜的产品。	2
Competitive silk flower products from various silk flower manufacturers and silk flower suppliers are listed above, please select quality and cheap items for you.	上面列出了来自各种丝绸花卉制造商和丝绸花卉供应商的具有竞争力的丝绸花卉产品，请为您选择优质和便宜的产品。	1
Competitive vacuum food container products from various China vacuum food container manufacturers and vacuum food container suppliers are listed below, please view them and select the most helpful info for you.	来自中国真空食品容器制造商和真空食品容器供应商的具有竞争力的真空食品容器产品如下所示，请查看并选择最有用的信息。	1
Competitive xiagong loader products from various xiagong loader manufacturers and xiagong loader suppliers are listed above, please select quality and cheap items for you.	以上列出了来自各种西贡装载机制造商和西贡装载机供应商的竞争对手西贡装载机产品，请为您选择质量和价格低廉的产品。	0
Complainant has promoted its products actively and extensively in Australia since the Melbourne Olympic Games of 1956.	自 1956 年墨尔本奥运会以来，申诉人一直在澳大利亚积极和广泛地宣传其产品。	0
Complete my assigned work on time to ensure team deadlines are met.	按时完成分配的工作，以确保符合团队截止日期。	0
Complete with a perfect face and was dressed in a black leotard and tutu with white stockings.	完美的面部，穿着黑色的花饰和白色的围裙。	1
Complete with bar jokes, bro impersonations, television show comparisons and quips about dating and babies, comedian Aziz Ansaris performance filled Ohio Universitys Memorial Auditorium with more than two hours of laughter on Sunday evening.	喜剧演员 Aziz Ansaris 在周日晚上的《俄亥俄大学纪念礼堂》上以两个多小时的欢笑结束了酒吧笑话，商业模仿，电视节目比较和关于约会和婴儿的夸脱。	2
Compliance with any approval conditions should be monitored and, where necessary, enforcement action taken to ensure compliance.	应监测任何批准条件的遵守情况，并在必要时采取执法行动以确保遵守。	0
Complimentary high speed Internet access throughout the hotel Complimentary continental breakfasts Fitness center, indoor pool and spa tub Fireplace in lobby Library Smoke free property Guestrooms.	整个酒店均提供免费高速互联网接入，免费欧式早餐，健身中心，室内泳池和水疗浴缸，大堂壁炉，图书馆，无烟酒店客房。	0
Comprehensive guide to bird dog training, upland bird hunting, and first aid advice for the sport. dog training book. the oldest sporting magazine in the USA, registers field dogs in the Field Dog Stud Book.	《鸟类狗训练综合指南》，《高原鸟类狩猎》和《动物急救建议》。《狗训练手册》。美国最古老的体育杂志在《野狗柱手册》中注册了野狗。	2
Compressing the blacks will obviously crush shadow detail, but may be useful if you want a very punchy high contrast look.	压缩黑色显然会挤压阴影细节，但如果您想要一个非常平庸的高对比度外观，则可能会非常有用。	1
Computer Shop Selling computer parts and giving consultation service to students who want to buy computer.	电脑商店出售电脑配件，为想买电脑的学生提供咨询服务。	0
Concentration in a limited number of growth leaders helps us maximize gains and keep ahead of the averages.	专注于有限数量的增长领导者有助于我们最大化收益并保持在平均水平之前。	1
Concerns I have are the gear ratios and the price.	我担心的是传动比和价格。	2
CONCLUSION: Our experimental study allowed us to develop a bowel retractor that can make it easier to perform laparoscopic transperitoneal aortoiliac reconstruction in humans.	结论：我们的实验研究使我们能够开发出一个肠牵开器，从而更容易在人类中进行腹腔镜跨腹主动脉回肠重建。	1
CONCLUSIONS After growing consistently since 1991, the current account deficit as a share of GDP has hit record levels.	结论自 1991 年以来，经常账户赤字在国内生产总值中所占的份额持续增长，达到了创纪录的水平。	0
Conclusion We conclude that using ATCP and the Snoop protocol together did not have negative impact on the TCP throughput achieved by the ATCP.	结论我们认为，同时使用 ATCP 和 Snoop 协议对 ATCP 实现的 TCP 吞吐量没有负面影响。	1
Concrete Diy A DIY concrete leaf birdbath is an attractive way to welcome nature into your backyard.	混凝土 DIY 一种 DIY 混凝土叶桦树是一种将自然带入后院的迷人方式。	2
Conditions covered by Critical Illness Standard and their definitions may change.	严重疾病标准及其定义所涵盖的条件可能会发生变化。	0
Conduct a research study that studies the application of lean thinking to software development.	开展研究，研究精益思想在软件开发中的应用。	1
Conducting certain types of transactions within the account can incur IRA penalties.	在账户内进行某些类型的交易可能会导致 IRA 处罚。	0
Conducting the type of decomposition analysis that I've done in this study at a more disaggregated level is an important area for future research to explore this question more deeply.	我在本研究中所做的分解分析更细分地进行是未来研究更深入探讨此问题的一个重要领域。	2
Conflict occurs when Pablo is asked to kill a local pastor whose community outreach is curtailing the neighborhood drug trade.	当 Pablo 被要求杀死一名当地牧师时，就会发生冲突，因为该牧师的社区外联活动正在遏制社区毒品贸易。	2
Congratulations on being able to follow your instinct and to opening your eyes to a very difficult truth.	祝贺您能够追随您的本能，并对一个非常困难的真理敞开眼睛。	1
Congratulations to Lavie Vo for her excellent VCE results.	祝贺 Lavie Vo 取得了出色的 VCE 成果。	0
Congratulations too to the team for its efficient strategy and good pit stops.	也祝贺团队的高效战略和良好的停站点。	2
Congressional efforts to limit spam have stumbled over opposition from direct marketers who say their activities would be unfairly limited.	国会限制垃圾邮件的努力无意中遭到了直接营销人员的反对，他们说他们的活动将受到不公平的限制。	2
Congressman Cosgrove, who still looked like he had no idea what hit him, was pretty darn miffed.	国会议员科斯格罗夫看起来还不知道他到底是怎么打击的，但他却遭到了相当大的打击。	2
Congress says: we have to bring in MORE skilled workers to fill the jobs, ANTI people say that the SKILLED jobs are gone from the country.	国会说：我们必须引进更多的技术工人来填补这些工作，反人士说，技术工作已经从国家中消失。	0
Connecting one of them to every telephone socket in the house that you use will help to ensure that your broadband runs as fast as possible.	将其中一个连接到您所使用的家中的每个电话插座有助于确保您的宽带尽可能快地运行。	0
Conner referred to a letter sent to the Board by the State Attorney regarding his immediate need for space.	Conner 提到了国家检察官给委员会的一封信，其中涉及他对空间的迫切需要。	1
Connie probably just kept showing them the same airplane over and over again.	康妮可能只是不断地向他们展示同一架飞机。	0
Connolly has altered the whole feel of his latest Charlie Parker novel.	康诺利改变了他最新的查理 · 帕克小说的整体感觉。	1
Conquer Your Personal Everest Today, when speaking to groups of business executives, Amatt likes to relate his experience climbing Mount Everest to the challenges everyone faces when trying to accomplish a daunting goal.	今天征服您的个人珠穆朗玛峰，与企业高管团队交谈时，亚马特喜欢将他攀登珠穆朗玛峰的经验与每个人在努力实现一个令人生畏的目标时所面临的挑战联系起来。	0
Consciousness hit her like a smack in the face.	她的意识就像脸上的一个小污点。	2
Consequently, social enterprises can also distribute part of the product to users who do lack the funds to purchase goods and services at market prices, but who are not acknowledged as needy people by the public administration.	因此，社会企业也可以将部分产品分发给那些缺乏资金以市场价格购买商品和服务，但公共行政部门不承认他们是穷人的用户。	1
Consequently, the total number of false alarms y in N repeated scans over an area of size A also follows a Poisson distribution.	因此，在大小为 A 的区域上，在 N 中重复扫描的虚假报警 y 总数也遵循泊松分布。	2
Consider including students who are in the upper grades in the conversation.	考虑在对话中包括上年级的学生。	1
Considering that Riley had managed to shoot down the warheads tracking Nexx, but completely missed the others.	考虑到里利成功地击落了追踪 Nexx 的弹头，但完全错过了其他弹头。	1
Considering the complexity of the substantiation of claims, CIAA favours an approach distinguishing generally recognised science on the one hand and innovative science on the other hand.	考虑到证实指控的复杂性，建筑学会赞成采取一种方法，一方面区分公认的科学，另一方面区分创新科学。	1
Consider the logistics of delivering your product or service, will you be able to distribute or reach customers from all over the country, if not have can you resolve that?	考虑提供产品或服务的物流，您是否能够分销或接触到全国各地的客户？如果没有，您是否可以解决这一问题？	1
Consistent with pen size 20 to 50 birds of each sex were selected at random and assigned to pens.	根据每种性别的 20 至 50 只画笔大小，随机选择并分配给画笔。	2
Cons Lack of communication between Upper Management and Lower Management.	缺点：上级管理层和下级管理层之间缺乏沟通。	0
Consolidation of seed companies and chemical suppliers combined with increased vertical integra- tion of agricultural production are cited as threaten- ing the ability of farmers to operate independently.	种子公司和化学品供应商的合并，加上农业生产的纵向一体化程度的提高，被认为是对农民独立经营能力的威胁。	0
Consult with a Central Office physician if there are questions regarding continuation of therapy.	如果对继续治疗有疑问，请咨询中央办公室的医生。	1
Consult with the veterinarian if surgical correction or any other method can cure the infection.	如果手术矫正或任何其他方法可以治愈感染，请咨询兽医。	1
Consult your local personnel office for advice on disciplinary action.	有关纪律处分的建议，请咨询当地人事办公室。	0
Consumer spending appeared to be rising even apart from the effects of fiscal incentives to purchase autos.	除了购买汽车的财政激励措施的影响外，消费支出似乎还在增加。	0
Consumers should not rely on these tests before doing renovation or to assure safety.	消费者在进行翻新或确保安全之前不应依赖这些测试。	1
Contact Emergent Associates for a FREE Introductory Consultation.	联系紧急员工进行免费的介绍性咨询。	1
Contact herbicides are not used in the second year, except for spot treatments of perennials, because of the risk of vine phytotoxicity.	接触除草剂在第二年不会使用，但苯甲的现点治疗除外，因为存在着葡萄树植物毒性的风险。	1
Contact Web site for the club hub on the corner of Friedrichstrasse and Unter den Linden.	请联系 Friedrichstrasse 和 Unter den Linden 拐角处俱乐部中心的网站。	2
Contact your local fire extinguisher service provider to confirm the integrity of your extinguisher first.	请先与当地的灭火器服务提供商联系，确认灭火器的完整性。	2
Contact your local law enforcement agency and see what they are looking for!	请联系您当地的执法机构，了解他们在寻找什么！	1
Contact your local reseller or Ositech Sales for a list of resellers in your area.	有关您所在地区的经销商列表，请联系您当地的经销商或 Ostech 销售部门。	0
Contains information on and instructions for installing, configuring, and testing fax boards that are supported for use with Cisco Fax Server.	包含有关安装，配置和测试支持与 Cisco Fax Server 配合使用的传真板的信息和说明。	1
Content creators turn to us as a platform to share their humor, creativity and passion, reach a global audience and sometimes earn a living in the process.	内容创建者将我们视为一个平台，以分享他们的幽默，创造力和激情，接触全球受众，有时在这一过程中赢得生活。	2
Continual and effective prayer will build our relationship with God.	持续有效的祈祷将建立我们与上帝的关系。	1
Continued internecine strife and the Hundred Years' War drew attention even further from unity.	持续的自相残杀和百年战争使人们更加关注团结。	0
Continue your search below to find a local Polk County Pontiac cars near you today!	继续在下方搜索，立即在附近找到一辆当地的 Polk County Pontiac 汽车！	0
Contracted takes the traditional zombie story and seamlessly transforms it into something wholly modern and horrifying, a macabre trip that needs to be experienced to believe it.	签约人将传统的僵尸故事无缝地转化为完全现代和可怕的东西，这是一个可怕的旅行，需要经历才能相信它。	2
Control rods for burnup control are not necessary.	不需要控制烧坏控制杆。	1
Controls include family demographics and the education of both parents.	控制措施包括家庭人口统计和父母双方的教育。	0
Control suggest intelligent will and buddha had always spoke of the naturally determined order of things.	控制意味着聪明的意志，而佛陀总是谈到自然决定的事情顺序。	2
Cookies to those who can work out who her name is derived from.	向那些能确定她的名字来自谁的人提供 Cookie 。	1
Cool Boston Terrier Pictures and Things Ring : Listing sites with pictures of the breed.	Cool Boston Terrier Pictures and Tings Ring ：列出包含同类照片的网站。	0
Cooperation with universities has always been supported by the European Parliament.	与大学的合作一直得到欧洲议会的支持。	0
Cooper nodded and watched as she walked away.	库珀在走的时候点头看着。	0
Coordinate with NCDOT to ensure that the South Salem Street bridge section design accommodates four lanes.	与 NCDOT 协调，确保南塞勒姆街大桥部分设计可容纳四条车道。	0
Coordinating True or False - a critically ill patient may not be an organ donor?	协调判断正误 - 严重疾病患者可能不是器官捐赠人？	1
Copernicus enables execution as single parallel jobs with automatic resource allocation.	通过自动资源分配， Copernicus 可以作为单个并行作业执行。	0
Copier leasing allows you to avoid large capital expenditures, which frees up cash for more pressing needs.	复印机租赁使您可以避免巨额资本支出，从而腾出现金来满足更迫切的需求。	2
Copies of the complete results have been attached to this electronic newsletter for public review.	该电子通讯附有完整结果的副本，供公众查阅。	0
Copyright in the pages, screens, information and material in their arrangement included in this Site is owned or licensed to Zone CEE Ltd, unless otherwise noted.	除非另有说明，否则本网站中包含的页面，屏幕，信息和材料的版权归 Zone CEE Ltd 所有或获得许可。	0
Cornering yourself against a bear was not a good idea.	不是一个好主意。	2
Coronado Bridge also gained notoriety from the movie Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy (2004).	科罗纳多桥（ Coronado Bridge ）也从电影《仆人：罗恩 · 勃艮第传奇》（ 2004 年）中获得了知名度。	1
CORPORATE EVENTS Build maximum exposure for your company and put your best foot forward with quality items.	公司活动为您的公司创造最大的曝光度，并为高质量的项目提供最佳的进展。	1
Corridor Preservation Mike Domonkos reported efforts around Hendersonville to Brevard are looking pretty good.	走廊保护 Mike Domonkos 报告说，从亨德森维尔到布雷瓦德的努力看起来相当不错。	0
Corruption and nepotism still reign in the ranks of the KMT.	腐败和裙带关系仍然在国民党的队伍中占主导地位。	0
Cory had just walked into her apartment when her cell phone rang.	Cory 刚走进她的公寓，她的手机响了。	1
Costa Rica is an interesting alternative for family adventures especially ...	哥斯达黎加是一个有趣的家庭探险的选择，特别是 ...	1
Cost is always a concern when going through these very personal issues.	在处理这些个人问题时，成本始终是一个问题。	1
Costs are more involved than a simple phone bill at the end of the month.	在月底，成本比简单的电话费要高。	2
Costs evaluated include medical costs and lost productivity.	评估的成本包括医疗成本和生产力损失。	0
Cotse Paint - A Flash Paint application from Cotse Flash Strike - Shoot as many terrorists as you possibly can.	Cotse Paint ——来自 Cotse Flash Strike 的 Flash Paint 应用程序——尽可能多地向恐怖分子开枪。	1
Cots, stairgates and high chairs are also available and guests have the use of shared laundry facilities, barbecue pits and garden areas.	酒店还提供婴儿床，楼梯和高脚椅，客人可使用共享洗衣设施，烧烤炉和花园。	0
Cough variant asthma is an ailment that is gradual in responding to medication.	咳嗽变异型哮喘是一种逐渐对药物作出反应的疾病。	1
Could Racina and writing partner Susie Bedsow Horgan find similar storyline potential with a hoish Destiny and her child?	Racina 和写作伙伴 Susie Bedsow Horgan 是否能找到类似的故事情节潜力，同时也能找到一个令人不能的命运和她的孩子？	2
Could some other condition be causing my symptoms?	其他情况是否会导致我的症状？	1
Could that deposit be righteousness, joy, peace - any or all of those things the Spirit has in His luggage when He moves into our hearts?	这种交存是正义，喜悦，和平吗？当他进入我们的内心时，精神在他的行李中有任何或所有的东西？	2
Could there be three states geographically less alike?	在地理上是否可以有三个国家不那么相似？	2
Could we have a little less time in between parts next time?	下次我们可以缩短零件之间的时间吗？	2
Could You Answer Some Questions for Me about Sexuality and Contraception …?	你能回答一些关于性和避孕的问题…吗？	0
Could you put Yagyuu or Yanagi in it next?	你能把亚古玉或八木放在后面吗？	1
Councillors may visit any prison within the area for which they are elected at any time.	议员可随时访问其当选地区内的任何监狱。	0
Councils Council membership provides members with access to information and best practices in a particular segment or industry.	理事会–理事会成员资格使成员能够访问特定部门或行业的信息和最佳实践。	1
Countless eyes glared upward at the girl and the two men standing on either side of her.	无数的眼睛向上朝女孩和站在她两侧的两个男人发出了哀叹。	2
Countless numbers of people have sacrificed their time, property and even their lives.	无数的人牺牲了他们的时间，财产甚至生命。	2
Countless people had complimented Summer on how she was so beautiful and nice as she helped clear off tables by taking the glasses while Parker took away the plates.	无数人称赞 Summer 是如此美丽和善良，因为她在帕克拿走盘子的同时，用眼镜帮助清理桌子。	2
Countries can refuse to play in India and hosting of World Cup 2011 can be taken away from India.	各国可以拒绝在印度比赛， 2011 年世界杯的主办国也可以从印度被带走。	2
Countries find the flat tax attractive because it promotes economic growth, gives countries seeking foreign investment a comparative advantage, and provides a steady revenue stream with little tax evasion.	各国认为统一税具有吸引力，因为它促进了经济增长，给寻求外国投资的国家带来了相对优势，并提供了稳定的收入流，几乎没有逃税现象。	0
Couple Coaching During our offer individual and couple coaching where we help people to dissolve emotional, relationship and sexual problems.	在我们提供个人和夫妻辅导的过程中，夫妻辅导可以帮助人们解决情绪，关系和性问题。	1
Course offerings and content have been determined through this participation and are geared to meet the needs of the landscape, ornamental horticulture and habitat management trades.	课程内容和内容是通过这种参与确定的，旨在满足景观，装饰性园艺和生境管理行业的需要。	2
Course Overloads Students who wish to register for more than four courses must seek approval from the Director of Student Services before registration.	如果学生希望注册超过四门课程，则必须在注册前获得学生服务总监的批准。	0
Cousens: I also think that the services we offer to the city are better because of our equipment.	库森斯：我也认为我们为城市提供的服务更好，因为我们的设备。	2
Cove Hill and roads through Perranwell Station in very poor state.	Cove Hill and roads through Pranwell Station in very poor state.	2
Cover and mask around the keyboard are made of aluminum with a matte finish, which looks elegant and attractive, especially with the XPS logo that flashes which is located behind the black plastic cover.	键盘周围的护盖和面罩由铝制成，表面无光泽，外观优雅迷人，尤其是黑色塑料盖后面闪烁的 XPS 徽标。	0
Cowardly tactics being used by an enemy without a spine.	没有脊椎的敌人使用的懦夫战术。	0
Crafted from durable plastic material, Electronic Cases are made to fit perfectly on your favorite device.	电子箱采用耐用的塑料材料制成，可完美贴合您喜爱的设备。	1
Craig is obviously in love with Manny and the unborn child so she is a lucky girl.	克雷格显然爱上了曼尼和未出生的孩子，所以她是一个幸运的女孩。	2
Crane set up on level ground with outriggers extended?	在水平地面上设置的起重机延长了支腿？	2
Cream pink well joanne told me that she wants it to be a surprise and asked me not to tell u!	奶油粉色的好乔安妮告诉我，她希望这是一个惊喜，并要求我不要告诉你！	2
Created by Barkley Motion Design and Effects, go here for a behind the scenes look at the animation effects and how it all came together.	由 Barkley Motion Design 和 Effects 创建，来这里看看幕后的动画效果以及它们是如何组合在一起的。	0
Create images of printable polo coupons - Fun interactive printable Labor Day coloring pages for kids to color online.	创建可打印的 polo 优惠券的图片 - 有趣的交互式可打印劳动节色彩页，供孩子们在线着色。	2
Creditor Harassment and Debt Settlement - How to Prevent Creditor Harassment By: K D Garrow - Creditor harassment is one of the worst aspects of being in debt, and can be stressful and even frightening.	债权人骚扰和债务解决 - 如何防止债权人骚扰： K D Garrow - 债权人骚扰是债务最糟糕的方面之一，可能会造成压力甚至令人恐惧。	0
Cricket memoirs depict the exact character of the pastime.	板球回忆录描述了消遣的确切特点。	1
Critics also argue that battered women are particularly vulnerable to unequal mediation bargaining, since they usually have to face and negotiate with their batterers.	批评者还认为，被殴打的妇女特别容易受到不平等的调解谈判，因为她们通常必须面对被殴打者并与其谈判。	0
Critics claim that wind energy can never replace existing power stations, or remove the need for new power stations to be built, because the wind cannot be relied upon.	批评者认为，风能永远不能取代现有的发电站，也不能消除建造新发电站的需要，因为风不能依靠。	1
Cross San Jacinto Street and the hotel entrance is on the left.	穿过 San Jacinto Street ，酒店入口就在您的左侧。	0
Crowds and great men and children think in pictures.	人群和伟大的男人和孩子在图片中思考。	0
Crow ended up giving an opening, and the dark one with one hand struck the Guyver leader right off the ground with a slight shake rumbling across the ground.	克劳最终打了一个开门，一只手的黑暗的那只手在地面上敲打了圭亚那领导人，一个轻微的摇晃声隆隆地响了。	2
Crusheen failed to appear for an early championship fixture because most of their men were at Bodyke where the infamous evictions were taking place.	Crusheen 未能在早期获得冠军，因为他们的大多数人都在发生臭名昭著的驱逐事件的 Bodyke 。	2
Crystal Chronicles had so much potential but was disappointing.	水晶编年史有很多潜力，但令人失望。	1
CT grinned slightly, stopping her car in front of the Groton Submarine Base.	CT 略微打磨，在 Groton 潜艇基地前停车。	2
Cullen breathed a sigh of relief and opened the door wide to let her and the others she had brought with her into his home.	库伦发出了一个释放的叹息，打开了大门，让她和她带来的其他人进入他的家。	1
Cultural scholarship has grown to depend upon people like Clifford Geertz for the conceptual tools required for such studies.	文化奖学金已经发展到依靠像克利福 · 盖尔茨这样的人来获得这种研究所需要的概念工具。	2
Culver began his life in a household that upon birth was normal and nurturing.	卡尔弗在一个家庭开始了他的生活，这个家庭出生时是正常的，是在养育子女。	2
Cupcakes by Damaged Ghost of an Angel reviews Tokito and Kubota try to make cupcakes.	被一位天使的鬼破坏的纸杯蛋糕评论托希托和库博塔试图制作纸杯蛋糕。	1
Currently now we produce some of product that mainly used by school and universities.	目前，我们生产了一些主要由学校和大学使用的产品。	0
Currently the company employs about one thousand persons.	目前，该公司雇用了大约 1000 人。	0
Currently there are no comments posted for the listings of '...gundam seed destiny spoiler...'.	目前，没有发布任何关于 " ...Gundam 种子命运破坏者 ..." 列表的评论。	0
Current operating profit is the excess of the current value of the output sold over the current cost of the related input.	当前经营利润是销售产出的现值超过相关投入的现值。	2
CURRENT POLITICS Political dance Creation of a new government, in line with widespread expectations, has not turned out to be an easy task.	当前的政治潮流按照广泛的期望，建立一个新政府，并不是一件容易的任务。	1
Current research evaluating monoclonal antibodies and radioimmunotherapy may help increase the efficacy and specificity of conditioning therapy.	目前评估单克隆抗体和放射性免疫疗法的研究有助于提高调节疗法的功效和特异性。	0
Current TV stayed in the headlines earlier this year when two of its journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, were held captive by North Korea for five months.	今年早些时候，当两名记者劳拉 · 林格和李伊娜被朝鲜扣押 5 个月时，时事电视一直被头条新闻报道。	2
Cusack has never really been the star he deserves to be, but here he shows us why he should be.	库萨克从未真正成为他应该成为的明星，但在这里，他向我们展示了他为什么应该成为明星。	1
Customary Care is a model of Aboriginal child welfare service that is culturally relevant and incorporates the unique traditions and customs of each First Nation.	Customary care is a model of Aboriginal child welfare service that is culturally relevant and incorporates the unique traditions and customs of each First Nation.	2
Custom commands let you find the last certain number of items from your clipboard history, or search for a specific word string.	自定义命令可让您从剪贴板历史记录中查找最后一定数量的项目，或搜索特定的字串。	1
Customer Number: Quantity: ships immediately To renew your subscription to Russian Life and pay with a credit card, simply complete the order process.	客户编号：数量：立即发货以更新您的俄罗斯人寿订阅并使用信用卡付款，只需完成订单流程即可。	0
Customer Reply Does team viewer not require that all OS on other computers be Win 7?	客户回复团队查看器是否不要求其他计算机上的所有操作系统都是 Win 7 ？	0
Cute Neighbor Guy was a straight guy who I was convinced would one day realize we were meant for each other.	可爱的邻居是一个直接了当的人，我相信有一天我们会意识到我们是为彼此服务的。	2
Cut strips of biscuit dough large enough to wrap around the cheese and hot dog.	切掉一块足够大的饼干面团，使其包裹在奶酪和热狗上。	1
Cut the tuna in chunks and place it in a large bowl.	将金枪鱼切成块，放在大碗中。	1
Cutting out is the way to get rid of the cancer they have started.	切割是消除癌症的方法。	2
Cyborg remained slumped on the ground, his power core hard put to keep life support pumping into his organic remnants.	Cyborg 一直被割下在地上，他的核心力量难以将生命支持泵入其有机残留物中。	2
Cynamon Hostel will contact you with instructions after booking.	预订后， Cynamon Hostel 将与您联系并提供相关说明。	1
Cytonemes are located in the lumen of the disc, which corresponds to the apical side of the epithelium.	Cytonemes 位于圆盘的腔内，与上皮的顶端相对应。	2
Daillyman I may need your zimmer sooner rather than later.	Daillyman 我可能需要你的 zimmer 更快，而不是更晚。	2
Dalin and Rolff 4 suggest that the long term survival of schools into the future depends on them becoming creative learning organisations.	Dalin 和 Rolff 4 表示，学校未来的长期生存取决于他们成为创造性的学习组织。	1
Dance all you want but every death counts against the Administration.	只要你想跳舞，每一个死亡都是对政府的不利。	2
Dance to the music of the Hodads while enjoying great food and friends.	在享受美食和朋友的同时，伴着 Hodads 的音乐跳舞。	0
Danielle started laughing and closed the door behind her.	丹尼尔开始笑了，关上了她身后的门。	1
Daniel then places the shaft of the shovel across the hunters neck and sticks his knee into his back, as he pulls back on the shovel he snaps the hunters neck.	然后，丹尼尔把铁铲的轴套在猎人的脖子上，把他的膝盖粘在他的背部，当他把铁铲拉回时，他会将猎人的脖子卡起来。	2
Danny and Charlie finished Rawhide after one time through so they could finish their laughter.	Danny 和 Charlie 经过一段时间后完成了拉怀德的比赛，他们可以结束他们的笑声。	0
Dark green foods contain an antioxidant called Lutein that helps our eyesight, so eating foods with a high content of Lutein can help reduce your risks of going blind later in age.	深绿色食品含有一种称为 Lutein 的抗氧化剂，有助于我们的视力，因此食用高含量的 Lutein 食品有助于降低您在晚年失明的风险。	0
Darkness winds back before attempting a huge haymaker of a punch, but Armaan flings Rocky to the floor and lifts up his arm to block the blow.	黑暗在尝试一个巨大的打草机之前会回荡，但阿马安将落基山吹向地面，举起手臂阻止打击。	2
Darlo kept up the pressure with Arnison sending a thirty yard drive that just went over the bar.	阿尔尼森刚刚在酒吧里开了一个 30 码的车，达罗保持了压力。	1
Dartmouth Ski Patrol Dartmouth Ski Patrol is a community service organization dedicated to providing first responder care at the Dartmouth Skiway.	达特茅斯滑雪巡逻队达特茅斯滑雪巡逻队是一个社区服务组织，致力于在达特茅斯滑雪道提供急救护理。	0
Darwen News Oz soap star says: Get well soon, Nan A GRANDMA battling for life after three strokes and a brain tumour has been boosted by a message of support from her TV star granddaughter. more...	达文新闻奥兹肥皂明星说：“快到吧，南奶奶在三次中风后为生命而战，一个脑肿瘤被电视明星孙女的支持信息所刺激。更多 ...	2
Database of SMTP servers that are not protected from spam misuse.	不受垃圾邮件滥用保护的 SMTP 服务器的数据库。	0
Date and time when the best practice deviation was first discovered by Campus Manager is displayed here.	此处显示了校园经理首次发现最佳实践偏差的日期和时间。	1
Dave decides to play gay and wins the assignment and this angers Katherine who knows he is straight.	戴夫决定打同性恋，并赢得了这项任务，而这位知道自己是直线的凯瑟琳。	2
Dave Gorman presents a Christmas edition of the show, with guest Lee Mack.	Dave Gorman 与嘉宾 Lee Mack 一起为您展示了这场演出的圣诞版。	1
Davenport lectures widely at major universities in the United States and Europe and has been an active participant and plenary lecturer at national and international meetings.	达文波特在美国和欧洲的主要大学广泛举办讲座，并一直积极参加国家和国际会议并担任全体讲师。	1
David Garrett comments and plays the Brahms Violin Concerto in D major.	戴维 · 加雷特在 D 大区评论并演奏了《婆罗门罗门 · 小提琴协奏曲》。	1
David Gregory looks like he knows how to do the Electric Slide.	大卫 · 格雷戈里似乎知道如何做电动滑道。	1
David Rosthein, a postdoctoral fellow in astronomy and astrophysics at the National Science Foundation, helped organize the ride as a member of the Darfur Action Group when he was still a graduate student.	国家科学基金会的天文学和天体物理学博士后研究员 David Rosthein 在他还是研究生时，作为达尔富尔行动小组的成员帮助组织了这场骑行。	0
DAVID T. People once used a magnifying glass and a pin to count the bricks in buildings recorded in daguerreotypes.	David T. People once used a magnifying glass and a pin to count the bricks in buildings recorded in daguerreotypes.	2
Davis remembers well what he heard the doctors say upon arrival that day.	Davis 还记得那天到达时他听到的医生说的话。	0
Days afterward they reached the The as another generated and the United Kingdom turn to your stored had.	几天之后，他们到达了另一个生成的 The ，而英国则转向了您储存的 had 。	2
Dayton and Agard had chances to score right at the death and the last 5 mins were end to end excitement.	代顿和阿加德在死亡时有机会得分，最后 5 分钟是端对端的兴奋。	1
DC Campaign to Prevent Teen Pregnancy and Advocates for Youth.	DC Campaign to Prevent Teen pregnancy and Advocates for Youth.	2
DEA agents in February identified Bryan Wilson as a possible operator of an underground lab for anabolic steroids, according to an affidavit filed in federal court.	根据联邦法院提交的一份宣誓书，缉毒局特工于 2 月份认定布莱恩 · 威尔逊可能是一家合成代谢类固醇地下实验室的经营者。	1
Deadline for replies was last Friday for more banks to join lead arrangers and underwriters Banque Paribas, Fuji Bank, HSBC Investment Bank and JP Morgan Securities.	上周五，更多的银行加入牵头安排人和承保人 Banque Paribas ， Fuji Bank ，汇丰投资银行和 JP Morgan Securities 的最后答复期限为上周五。	1
Dean almost jumped out of his skin as a sudden noise broke the utter silence in the room.	当突然的噪音打破了房间里的完全沉默时，迪恩几乎从皮肤上跳出来。	2
Dean looks like a total idiot in this story.	迪恩在这个故事中看起来像一个完全白痴。	1
Dean made it sound so easy, just figure it out, practice at it but it was like Sam telling Dean he should get control of his heartbeat.	Dean 让这听起来很简单，只是弄清楚，练习它，但就像 Sam 告诉 Dean 他应该控制他的心跳。	1
Dean stared at the milk on his lips and shook his head.	迪恩朝嘴唇上的牛奶盯着，摇了摇头。	0
Dean, trying to pick himself up off the floor from where the club owner had shattered a chair against his back WWF style, glares at Sam.	Dean 试图从俱乐部老板的地板上拿起自己的椅子，用自己那种二战风格的椅子砸碎自己的椅子，在 Sam 的时候发红了言。	2
Dear all, First of all many thanks to Tanmoy for the idea of setting up this mailing list and adding me.	亲爱的大家，首先，感谢 Tanmoy 提出的设置邮件列表和添加我的想法。	1
Dear Brethren I have some photos while serving and preaching I can send them to you if requested.	亲爱的布雷斯顿，我有一些照片在送餐和宣讲时，如果有要求，我可以把照片寄给你。	2
Death would be a breeze against the burning.	死亡将是对燃烧的一种微风。	2
Debt collectors regularly violate this prohibition and in doing so, subject themselves to consumer claims for damages under the FDCPA.	收债人经常违反这一禁令，并在这样做时，根据《联邦债务法》要求消费者提出损害赔偿要求。	0
Debt Conolidation - Many people who are in debt are reluctant to ask for help, but it is important to ask for help when it is needed.	债务清偿 - 许多债务人不愿意寻求帮助，但在需要时寻求帮助很重要。	0
DECA enhances that learning by motivating students to achieve their educational and career goals in fun and exciting ways.	Deca 通过激励学生以有趣和令人兴奋的方式实现其教育和职业目标来增强这种学习。	1
December 31 We set out onto an almost uninhabited plain, which stretches in a wide band along the River Gibye and is overgrown with acacias of a type which is rarely seen in Abyssinia.	12 月 31 日，我们来到一个几乎无人居住的平原，沿着吉贝河延伸，生长着一个很宽的乐队，生长着阿比西尼亚很少见到的那种类型的 acias 。	2
Decommissioning will only occur within the context of the implementation of the overall agreement.	只有在执行总体协议的情况下才能停用。	1
Decorated in a colonial style with pleasant gardens.	以殖民地风格装饰，有漂亮的花园。	1
Dec the memo goes on to state that the st metropolitan mortgage would be changing its name in several months to launch a new brand to really.	12 月备忘录接着指出，在几个月内，第一大城市抵押贷款公司将改变其名称，以真正推出新品牌。	0
Dec we never purchased an engagement ring for me, engagement rings no credit check and our wedding bands are and no credit checks.	12 月，我们从未为我购买过订婚戒指，订婚戒指没有信用卡支票，我们的婚礼乐队也没有信用卡支票。	2
Deep Heat - Ntini has been completely dropped from the Saffer test squad so he will not be considered for this test.	酷热——桑蒂尼已经从萨费尔试车中完全放下，因此他将不会被考虑参加这次试车。	2
Deep within his memories were spells and enchantments that he had spoken over the years, and one lay the very core.	在他的记忆中，有他多年来所说的咒语和结界，其中一个是核心。	1
Defence refers to the defence of the UK.	国防是指英国的国防。	0
Defence spending is at a low level compared with that of some major powers.	与一些大国相比，国防开支水平较低。	0
Defendant Roger C. Beach is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Unocal Corp. and Union Oil Company of California.	被告 Roger C. Beach 是加州 Unocal Corp. 和 Union Oil Company 的董事长兼首席执行官。	0
Defendants with mental health problems are quite difficult cases to deal with as are trials that last for several days.	有精神健康问题的被告是很难处理的案件，因为审判持续数天。	1
Defense of Offshore Oil and Gas Lease Sale.	国防海上石油和天然气租赁销售。	1
Deficiencies have been associated with asthma, heart disease and learning deficiencies.36 Most commercial vegetable oils contain very little omega-3 linolenic acid and large amounts of the omega-6 linoleic acid.	这些缺陷与哮喘，心脏病和学习方面的缺陷有关。 36 大多数商业植物油中含有少量的 omega-3 linolenic 酸和大量的 omega-6 linolic 酸。	1
Definitely the next chapter will have plenty of action and I expect great display of skills ... to read how Misaka fights against Hachi and who lasts longer between Seiiku and Kuro 3.	下一章肯定会有大量的行动，我期待着伟大的技能展示……阅读米萨卡如何与哈奇作战，以及谁在西库和库罗 3 之间的时间更长。	2
Definition: An instrument or machine to break or bruise the woody part of flax or hemp so that it may be separated from the fiber.	定义：一种仪器或机器，用于破碎或擦伤纤维蜡或血红素的木质部分，以便将其与纤维分离。	1
Definition Learning efforts that use computer and communications technologies such as online courses, virtual universities, and digital courseware to train or educate students.	定义使用计算机和通信技术（如在线课程，虚拟大学和数字课件）培训或教育学生的学习工作。	1
Delegates speculated whether the proposal of developing a global inventory of marine areas in need of protection in areas beyond national jurisdiction will see the light of day.	代表们猜测，关于编制国家管辖范围以外区域需要保护的海洋区域全球清单的提议是否会有光明的日子。	2
Delegation diagrams differ from UML diagrams in that they show both requirements and design on a single diagram.	委派图与 UML 图不同，因为它们在单个图上同时显示要求和设计。	1
Deliberate Actions: A firm wanting to monopolize a market may engage in various types of deliberate action to exclude competitors or eliminate competition.	蓄意行动：想要垄断市场的公司可能会采取各种蓄意行动来排斥竞争对手或消除竞争。	0
Delic is charged on the basis of command responsibility for murder, cruel treatment and rape of captured Croat and Serb soldiers and civilians.	Delić ć 被控犯有谋杀，残酷对待和强奸被俘的克族和塞族士兵和平民的指挥责任。	1
Delivery will not be deemed to be complete until we actually receive and accept the Products.	在我们实际收到并接受产品之前，交付不会被视为已完成。	1
Demacks Chartered Accountants - Information and advice in respect of setting up and managing your own business.	Demacks Chartered Accountants - 有关建立和管理您自己业务的信息和建议。	0
Demi has said that she cowrote Gift of a Friend, and when she wrote it she was thinking about Selena.	DEMI 说她是一个朋友的牛仔礼物，当她写这封信时，她想到的是塞莱纳。	2
Democracy leads to rule by the stupid (sophists), who while they may have fine rhetorical skills (that can exert some control over the masses) have no true knowledge itself.	民主导致由愚蠢的人统治，他们虽然可能有很好的修辞技巧（可以对群众施加某种控制），但却没有真正的知识。	0
Demonstrate an understanding of how certain traditional views of twentieth century Britain have been entrenched, and how these have been challenged.	展现出对二十世纪英国某些传统观点的根深蒂固以及这些观点如何受到挑战的理解。	1
Denmark had already lost to Holland earlier in the week, and had been teased about it since that particular game.	这周早些时候，丹麦已经输给了荷兰，并自那场比赛以来就被人们嘲笑。	0
Deno I sent my paints to nudel but if you need help with getting polish and others cr. for the build just let me know and Ill get them squared away..	我把我的油漆送到了 nudel ，但如果你需要帮助，得到了抛光和其他 CR 。对于这个建筑，让我知道，我就把它们平了。	2
Dentine infolded like those of the Devonian ganoids ground glass.	丹蒂娜就像魔鬼坏疽的粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状粉状	2
Departing from the resort; we use the reverse to those outlined above for guest arrivals, though we allocate extra travelling time to ensure that you are well on time to catch your flight home.	从度假村出发；我们为客人提供与上述情况相反的服务，尽管我们会分配额外的旅行时间，以确保您能按时赶上回家的航班。	2
Department of Medicine Cardiology Department of Surgery Cardiac Surgery Vascular and Endovascular Surgery For More Information If you have questions about the Praxair Regional Heart and Vascular Center, ask your doctor about Danbury Hospital.	医学科心脏病科心脏外科手术血管和血管内手术有关更多信息如果您对 Praxair 区域心脏和血管中心有任何疑问，请咨询您的医生关于 Danbury 医院的信息。	1
Depending on locomotor style, a bone connect the shoulder girdle to the trunk in some animals; the coracoid bone in reptiles and birds, and the clavicle in primates and bats; but cursorial mammals lack this bone.	根据火车头的风格，一根骨头将肩颈与一些动物的树干连接起来；爬行动物和鸟类中的小骨，以及灵长类动物和蝙蝠中的小锁骨；但食管哺乳动物缺乏这根骨头。	2
Depending on when this is published there may still be some events left for 2008.	根据该出版物的发布时间， 2008 年可能还会有一些活动。	0
Deputy Mayor Swatman said it would be added as an item under that section of the meeting.	副市长斯瓦特曼说，将在会议的这一部分下增加一个项目。	1
Derek S Exotic Cars Driving Techniques. ford parts import car parts train import catalytic converter import performance parts.	德里克 · S 异国情调的汽车驾驶技术。福特零部件进口汽车零部件系进口催化转化器进口性能零部件。	2
Dermajuv acne creams seem to help making that choice a little bit easier.	Dermajuv 痤疮霜似乎有助于使这种选择更容易一些 .	1
Describe how you will become part of the Work One 27 partnership implementing and maintaining a comprehensive and integrated workforce development system. xiii.	请描述您将如何成为实施和维护全面综合劳动力发展系统的 One 27 合作伙伴关系的一部分。	1
Describe relative difference in adaptation different sensory receptors 173.	描述不同感应受体适应的相对差异 173 。	1
Describe someone who was very different from your expectations.	请描述与您的期望非常不同的人。	0
Describe what they do together and any challenges in working together.	描述他们的合作方式以及合作中遇到的任何挑战。	0
Description of spectral decomposition of integrable lattice models with applications to the representation theory of affine Lie algebras.	描述可整合点阵模型的光谱分解，以及应用于仿射线卧状支架的表示理论。	1
Design and control optimization of microclimate cooling systems underneath protective clothing.	设计和控制优化防护服下的微温冷却系统。	1
Designing your custom embroidered logos is simple with the help of our creative design staff.	在我们创意设计人员的帮助下，设计定制刺绣徽标非常简单。	1
Design is easy on the shoulders and wrists, helping you cover serious mileage.	肩部和手腕上的设计非常简单，有助于您完成重要的里程数。	0
Design issues are identified and design changes are made.	确定设计问题并进行设计更改。	1
Desjardins Entrepreneur Awards are awarded by an independent selection committee made up of members of the business and university communities.	Desjardins 企业家奖由一个由商业和大学社区成员组成的独立甄选委员会颁发。	1
Deskjet Printers Deskjet printers are especially the inkjets which have been developed and manufactured by HP.	Deskjet 打印机 Deskjet 打印机是惠普开发和制造的喷墨打印机。	0
Despite advances in the diagnosis and treatment of osteoporosis in the last ten years, the condition still poses major clinical challenges.	尽管在过去十年中骨质疏松症的诊断和治疗取得了进步，但这种状况仍然构成重大临床挑战。	0
Despite his though demeanor I think he would be an excellent father.	尽管他举止优雅，但我认为他将是一个优秀的父亲。	2
Despite its weaknesses, the statistical EMIS is sustainable and seems much in line with the needs and capacity of Mozambique.	尽管有其弱点，统计电子监测信息系统是可持续的，似乎与莫桑比克的需要和能力非常一致。	2
Despite severe sales competition in the marketplace, this segment saw sales grow thanks to the contribution of new products and boosted by favorable weather conditions in Japan.	尽管市场上存在严重的销售竞争，但由于新产品的贡献以及日本的良好天气条件，这一细分市场的销售增长了。	1
Despite the fact that they were Muslim, Isis and Rishid thought it fun to celebrate the Christmas holiday for some odd reason.	尽管他们是穆斯林，伊西斯和里希德出于一些奇怪的原因认为庆祝圣诞假期很有趣。	0
Despite their importance, drugs prescribed outside of a hospital are not universally publicly covered, but are paid for through a combination of provincial drug benefit plans, private insurance and personal payments.	尽管在医院外处方的药物很重要，但并不是普遍的公共保险，而是通过省级药物福利计划，私人保险和个人付款的组合支付的。	0
Despite their prestigious history, Leiston FC has not had the best of fortune with regards to silverware.	尽管利斯顿足球俱乐部有着悠久的历史，但在银器方面却没有取得最佳的运气。	2
Despite the limited hardware, this game actually managed to pull off its three dimensional nature which is pretty impressive.	尽管硬件有限，但这一游戏实际上成功地脱离了它的三维性质，这是相当令人印象深刻的。	1
Despite this, Joni and Santiago seem to get along very well with each other.	尽管如此，乔尼和圣地亚哥似乎彼此相处得很好。	0
Despite what the title may lead one to believe, Hitchcock only directed twenty of the hundreds of episodes shared by this program and the later The Alfred Hitchcock Hour.	尽管标题可能会让人相信，但希奇科克只指示了这个节目所分享的数百个片段中的 20 个，而后来是阿尔弗雷德 · 希奇科克小时。	1
Detailing each profile and level is beyond the scope of this paper, suffice it to say there is a myriad of combinations.	详细描述每一个配置文件和级别超出了本文的范围，只需说有多种组合即可。	1
Detail option is a good idea for your requirements, think about the choice of an outdoor patio Fireplace.	细节选项是满足您需求的好主意，不妨考虑室外露台壁炉的选择。	0
Details include patches on the front and brass buckles on the back of the waistband.	详细信息包括腰部的前盖和腰部的黄铜扣。	1
Details of courses and services offered by North Somerset Enterprise Agency and its partners.	North Somerset Enterprise Agency 及其合作伙伴提供的课程和服务的详细信息。	2
Details of software solutions and support for the Multivalue database.	软件解决方案的详细信息以及对多值数据库的支持。	0
Detector Considerations The detector and its associated electronics should receive careful consideration.	探测器注意事项探测器及其相关电子元件应得到仔细考虑。	2
Determination of hemolymph Vg levels by these methods can thus be used to confirm actual Vg gene levels.	因此，可以使用这些方法测定溶血 MPH VG 水平来确认实际 VG 基因水平。	0
Determination of molecular weight of gintonin Although most of individual gintonins were eluted at the same time in gel filtration chromatography (Fig.	测定金丁素的分子量，尽管大多数单个金丁素在凝胶过滤色谱中同时被稀释（图	1
Determine if there is a decent market for a niche law firm in that area.	确定该领域是否有一家专门法律事务所的体面市场。	2
Detoxification is enriched as rhonda behrend michigan the rashes out of the awareness through the phytoplankton scents of the body.	随着密歇根州朗达 · 贝赫尔特（ Rhonda Behrend Michigan ）通过身体的浮游植物气味冲出意识，解毒变得更加丰富。	2
Detractors point out that the irb framework of research oversight would never be approved by an irb.	批评者指出， IRB 的研究监督框架永远不会得到 IRB 的批准。	0
Detrimental consequences to unprotected sexual activity among teens include unintended pregnancy and acquiring a sexually transmitted disease (STD) or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).	青少年中未受保护的性活动的有害后果包括意外怀孕和感染性传播疾病（ STD ）或人体免疫机能丧失病毒（ HIV ）。	1
Develop coping strategies for dealing with the stress every dispatcher goes through.	制定应对策略，以应对每位调度员所面临的压力。	0
Developing a visible chart that will graphically help parents and children ...	绘制一个直观的图表，以图形方式帮助父母和儿童 ...	0
Developing countries will continue to drive up global oil consumption over the next two decades, according to the US Energy Information Administration (EIA).	据美国能源信息管理局（ EIA ）称，发展中国家将在未来二十年继续推动全球石油消费。	0
Development and production are informed by respect for people and for the environment.	发展和生产是以尊重人和环境为基础的。	0
Development of the Gite side of the business could provide income.	发展企业的 Gite 一方可以提供收入。	1
Developments in the financial and capital markets, the behavior of financial institutions, and the situation of corporate finance continued to require close monitoring.	金融和资本市场的发展，金融机构的行为以及公司融资的状况仍然需要密切监测。	0
Devices must perform appropriately under fault conditions, such as a sudden surge in throughput or other unexpected event.	设备必须在故障条件下（例如吞吐量突然激增或其他意外事件）正常运行。	0
Devina- Dublin Pauline here from August flower arranging course, really enjoyed the course and your approach to teaching Janette, you made it so much fun and easy to understand, brilliant teacher.	Devina-Dublin Pauline 从 8 月的花展安排课程开始，真的很喜欢这个课程和你教 Janette 的方法，你让它变得如此有趣和容易理解，优秀的老师。	2
Devin This sweet, initially shy boy goes by the name of Devin.	这位甜美的，最初害羞的男孩叫魔鬼。	2
Devyn Fun Fact: Devyn wrote this blog on a Mac and PC!	Devyn 有趣的事实： Devyn 在 Mac 和 PC 上撰写了这篇博客！	1
Diagnosis There are no screening tests available for chronic leukemias.	诊断慢性白细胞缺乏筛查检测。	1
Dialogues and consultations were conducted with the Internet service providers and Internet cafe owners which led to agreement on a Code of Conduct.	与互联网服务提供商和互联网咖啡馆所有者进行了对话和协商，从而就行为守则达成了协议。	1
Diary Dates Preaching School Saturday 17th March A Day for emerging preachers.	3 月 17 日星期六，为新生传教者举办的课前教育活动。	2
Dib spluttered and tried to control his bowels from spilling out once those menacing eyes pierced him and the cords tightened around his stomach.	DIB 喷溅，试图控制肠子，一旦那些刺眼的眼睛刺穿他，并将绳索紧紧地缠在他的胃周围，就不会溢出。	2
Dick pointedly ignored him as he continued swinging on the rings, pushing into a handstand and holding until his shoulder cried uncle.	当他继续在戒指上摆动，推入手架，直至他的肩膀向叔叔哭时，迪克一心一意地忽视了他。	2
Did Apollo have the power to overcome him if he had reason?	阿波罗有没有能力在他有理由的情况下克服他？	1
Did he describe adequately what it was that he had rightly spotted?	他是否充分描述了他正确发现的是什么？	1
Did he get Bruce to live only to have Bruce snatched away from him?	他是否让布鲁斯活下去只是为了让布鲁斯从他身边抢去？	2
Did he really want to go in just because there was nothing else to do?	他是否真的想进去只是因为没有别的事可做？	1
Did I do or say smomething that made him think that I wanted this?	我是做了还是说了些什么让他觉得我想要这样做？	0
Did I lose because of the point spread or did my bet get ate up with the others?	我是因为积分扩散而输的，还是因为我的赌注与其他人打赌而输的？	1
Did Rhett name his kids Locke and Shepherd because he likes Lost?	莱特是不是因为他喜欢迷失而给他的孩子 Locke 和 Shepherd 命名的？	2
Did scientist discover a bad with names gene?	科学家是否发现了名字基因的坏人？	2
Did she really expect Brody to take her side when it came down to her a Jade please such an air head.	她真的希望布罗迪在她的玉下时站在她一边，请你用这样的气头。	2
Did she really want to ask him this?	她真的想问他吗？	0
Did they involuntarily use giveaway turns of phrase?	他们是否非自愿地使用了免费的句子？	2
Did they make them march down into the boiling water?	他们是不是让他们进入沸腾的水中？	2
Did you have it, or did you just think you could get it before you got chimmed out?	你有没有，或者你只是认为你可以在被人欺骗之前得到它吗？	2
Did you make tar babies in the summer?	你是夏天做焦油的吗？	2
Did you use the butterfly because of butterfly kisses?	你是因为蝴蝶接吻而使用蝴蝶吗？	1
Differences between the two records are shown in table 12.	表 12 显示了这两项记录之间的差异。	0
Different games including shaking, precision, dexterity and balance to play with your Wii Fit and Wii Remote get it now for the smallest price on the market here.	不同的游戏，包括与 Wii Fit 和 Wii Remote 一起玩的摇晃，精准，敏捷和平衡，现在以市场上最低的价格获得。	2
Different layers of speech, movement and action in order to present a live document to an audience and work with a poor and sad experience to turn it into something interesting.	不同层次的演讲，运动和行动，以便向观众展示一份实时文件，并与一个可怜和悲伤的经验一起将其变成有趣的东西。	2
Different producers and different musical visions for each track and tying it all together is that voice.	不同的制作者和不同的音乐愿景，并将它们联系在一起，就是这种声音。	2
Diflucan for sale This is flawed as having been the Cheapest Diflucan for undergraduate developments in europe.	出售的迪夫拉可是欧洲最便宜的大学发展的迪夫拉可。	2
Digital printing has provided better options for all t .	数字印刷为所有的提供了更好的选择。	2
Dimitri could feel his heart beating in his chest.	Dimitri 可以感觉到他的心脏在胸部跳动。	1
Dine with gourmet cuisine amid fine crystal and silverware, complimented by a splendid wine list with over 300 wines to choose from, at the exquisitely decorated Yellow Room restaurant.	在装饰精美的黄色室餐厅享用美味佳肴，在水晶和银器中享用美食，并配以 300 多种葡萄酒供您选择。	1
Dinner can be chosen from the à la carte menu or the set menu.	晚餐可从 à 点菜菜单或套餐中选择。	2
Dip chilled balls into melted chocolate mixture and place on waxed paper until firm.	将冰球浸在融化的巧克力混合物中，放在蜡纸上，直至硬为止。	1
Direct democracy still has a role to play in the implementation of EU laws.	直接民主在执行欧盟法律方面仍可发挥作用。	0
Direct Lending The 1965 Higher Education Act created a system in which the federal government guaranteed loans made by private lenders to students to attend college.	直接贷款 1965 年《高等教育法》建立了一个制度，联邦政府在这一制度中保证私人贷款者向学生提供贷款，让他们上大学。	1
Directories also have a version history in subversion and can be copied and renamed just like files.	目录还具有 subversion 中的版本历史记录，可以像文件一样复制和重命名。	0
Disable as many of the programs that load at startup as possible, and then restart the computer.	禁用在启动时加载的尽可能多的程序，然后重新启动计算机。	1
Disconnect the existing CD or DVD drive from your system.	断开现有 CD 或 DVD 驱动器与系统的连接。	0
Discord gazzed upon the images on his laptop computer he had created.	他在笔记本电脑上创建的图像上出现了不和的现象。	1
Discounted lift tickets to Wisp may be available depending on interest, so please indicated if you would like a one or two day ticket on your response.	根据您的兴趣， WISP 可能会提供打折的缆车票，因此请在回复中注明您是否想要一张一天或两天的缆车票。	0
Discover a complete range of Valdeobispo villas for sale, from villas for investment or modern villas on developments - Valdeobispo to deluxe villas with pools and new off plan villas.	您可以在 Valdeobispo 找到一系列出售的别墅，从投资别墅或开发中的现代别墅—— Valdeobispo 别墅，到带有泳池和新的非计划别墅的豪华别墅。	1
Discovery of penicillin had revolutionized the treatment of bacterial infections since it became the pioneer for antibiotics.	自从发现青霉素成为抗生素的先驱以来，它彻底改变了细菌感染的治疗方法。	1
DISCUSSION As indicated above, before the Master Plan is vested, the Open Space easement revisions shall be recorded in compliance with the MCPOSD requirements.	如上所述，在主计划授予之前，应按照 MCPOSD 要求记录开放空间地役权修订。	1
Discussion The establishment of the Federal Circuit represents a sea change in the federal judiciary.	讨论联邦巡回法院的设立代表了联邦司法机构的巨大变化。	0
Disillusioned, Russell is now content to take advantage of a system based on the insubstantial promise of effortless gain (403).	拉塞尔感到失望，现在满足于利用基于毫不费力获得的不实质性承诺（ 403 ）的系统。	2
Disposal Field : A series of trenches conveying the effluent from the septic tank laid in such a manner that the flow will be distributed with reasonable uniformity into natural soil.	弃置区：一系列沟槽，输送化粪池中的污水，以合理均匀的方式将流量分配到天然土壤中。	0
Dispose of it in the proper manner Be courteous and considerate toward committee workers for they are volunteers.	以适当的方式处置，对委员会员工礼貌且体贴，因为他们是志愿者。	1
Dissident moniliales dilation is erethizontidae a verifying subheading to partridge our desperado semivowel so that they synchromesh nontelescopingism equally astern, epenthesis to knightly guan.	持不同政见者的单一扩张是一种核证的副标题，用来淡化我们的绝望半决赛，使他们将非望远镜主义平等地与小把关相结合。	2
Distortions involving distinction and similarity must be avoided.	必须避免涉及区别和相似性的扭曲。	1
Distributed computing services refer to the data processing and computing resources such as fuselets in our framework.	分布式计算服务指的是我们框架中的数据处理和计算资源，如 fuselets 。	0
Distributing a product involves finding customers and getting the product in their hands.	分发产品需要查找客户并将产品交给他们。	0
District Grants may also be helpful in identifying feasible strategies for addressing weaknesses.	地区补助金也有助于确定解决弱点的可行战略。	1
Diversified workers require versatile environments to support them.	多样化的工人需要多种多样的环境来支持他们。	0
Divide the class into three or four groups.	将全班分为三组或四组。	0
Dixie was proud that she had an opportunity to be a special education coordinator for the district.	Dixie 很自豪她有机会成为该地区的特殊教育协调员。	1
Do any of you think you could do better finding this rat?	你们中有谁认为你能找到这只老鼠更好吗？	2
Documentary series looking at different aspects of Scottish culture and politics.	纪录片系列探讨苏格兰文化和政治的不同方面。	0
Document Manager Business Edition helps SMEs eliminate cumbersome paper storage and improve their business processes to deliver a rapid return on investment.	Document Manager ™ Business Edition 可帮助中小企业消除繁琐的纸张存储并改进业务流程，从而实现快速的投资回报。	0
Documents show that Peters and Freedman financed the lawsuit against us - a very unusual procedure as the case was not a personal injury case or a type of case that is usually done on contingency.	文件表明， Peters 和 Freedman 为我们的诉讼提供了资金，这是一个非常不寻常的程序，因为该案件不是人身伤害案件，也不是一种通常在紧急情况下进行的案件。	0
Does anyone have the figures on related information for OB?	是否有人拥有产科相关信息的数据？	0
Does he want an invitation for the ball?	他想邀请参加这场比赛吗？	2
Does it affect how much users can customise their own page?	它是否会影响用户可以自定义自己的页面的数量？	1
Does it make sense to ignore the ubiquity of drugs or the implausibility that all children will remain abstinent as and when they grow up?	忽视毒品的普遍存在或所有儿童在成长过程中仍将保持戒断的难以置信，是否有意义？	1
Does it or does it not threaten me with a second death if I refuse to accept it?	如果我拒绝接受这种做法，它是否威胁我第二次死亡？	2
Does the airport offer any shopping or other amenities?	机场是否提供任何购物或其他设施？	0
Does the department of interior want to make the cahaba river a national park?	内务部门是否希望使卡哈巴河成为国家公园？	0
Does the music pause when the phone rings?	手机响铃时音乐是否会暂停？	0
Does the object in question fit this vision?	相关对象是否符合这一愿景？	0
Does the Secretary of State not agree that that reflects the level of concern that the general public have, but that they will exercise theirs at the next general election?	难道国务卿不同意这反映了公众的关注程度，但他们将在下一次大选中行使他们的权利吗？	1
Does this mean they are spending themselves further into debt than their traditional family counterparts?	这是否意味着他们比传统的家庭伙伴更进一步地承担债务？	1
Does your online registration technology give you multiple options for getting registration websites up quickly?	您的在线注册技术是否为您提供了多种快速启动注册网站的选项？	0
Dogs that lunge and bark at other dogs when on leash.	狗在被拉什时，会对其他狗进行弓箭步和吠叫。	2
Dolly Meadows Culloden Bush, Cheney Are A Barrel Of Laughs I've decided that the best approach now is to look at the one positive thing the Bush administration has given us -- comedy material.	多利 · 梅多斯 · 库伦登 · 布什，切尼是一个充满欢笑的人，我决定现在最好的办法是看看布什政府给我们的一个积极的东西——喜剧材料。	2
Domestic enemies will spit on our troops once again, both literally and figuratively.	国内敌人将再次从字面上和象征性地向我们的部队吐痰。	2
Donations are being steadily received through the web site of the Archdiocese.	通过大主教管区的网站不断收到捐款。	0
Donation Sorter Rummage thru the donated treasures at our Processing Center sorting thru donations, hanging clothes, and processing clothes and household items to go out on the floor.	捐赠 Sorter 在我们的加工中心通过捐赠，挂衣服，加工衣服和家用物品等方式对捐赠的宝藏进行了翻倒。	2
Done at the State Capitol in Sacramento, this 10th day of December in the year of our Lord one thousand nine hundred and fifty one.	12 月 10 日在萨克拉门托州议会订立，这是我们的主一千九百五十一年的 12 月 10 日。	2
D One time he had slammed his finger in the drawer.	d 有一次他把手指摔在抽屉里。	2
Do not be afraid to book this band for your special event.	不要害怕为您的特殊活动预订此乐队。	2
Do not count on summer rainfall to water for you and always mulch to protect the soil and plant.	不要指望夏季的降雨为您提供水，并始终用护土保护土壤和植物。	1
Do not forget to specify your generator model number and the make.	请勿忘记指定您的发电机型号和型号。	2
Do not get swayed by the rhetoric of the muslims in Canada.	不要被加拿大穆斯林的言论所迷惑。	0
Do not take cheap com link online phentermine splinder with any other diet medications without your doctor s advice.	在没有医生建议的情况下，不要使用廉价的在线连网断字器和任何其他饮食药物。	2
Dont get remain in is that a little I believe that they.	不要留在这里，因为我相信他们。	2
Dont miss the Valle dei Templi Sicily boasts some of the best preseved temples outside of Greece.	不要错过西西里岛的 Valle dei Templi ，这里有希腊以外最好的预制寺庙。	2
Don was about to respond when he noticed a familiar light on in the garage.	当 Don 注意到车库中的一个熟悉的灯亮起时，他即将做出回应。	1
Do Statins Reduce the Risk for Diabetes by Improving Exercise Capacity?	状态是否通过提高运动能力来降低糖尿病的风险？	1
Do take heed of the admonition in the review to avail oneself of a great sound system.	一定要注意评论中的告诫，利用一个很好的音响系统。	1
Do take your medicine exactly as your doctor tells you to.	请按照医生的指示服用您的药物。	0
Do this and you will have a strong competitive advantage over your competition.	这样做，您将在竞争中拥有强大的竞争优势。	0
Do this exchange: let go of negative energy as you exhale, let it go out and dissolve in this light; then let positive pristine energy flood you with each inhalation.	做这种交换：当你呼气的时候，让负能量消失，让它在这个光中溶解；然后让正的原始能量随着你的吸入而淹没。	2
Do this for each contact you want to add to the group.	为要添加到组中的每个联系人执行此操作。	0
Do this so that it may go well with you and you may have a long life.	这样做可以使它与您一起顺利，并且您可能有较长的寿命。	1
Double recipe for thin white sauce on cream soup can.	奶油汤上的白沙司的双重配方。	2
Doubtless the fact that he continued to occupy himself with rhetorical and philosophical studies prevented his complete enthrallment.	毫无疑问，他继续以口头和哲学研究自居，这一事实阻碍了他的完全着迷。	2
Douglas county generally has one of the highest STI rates in Kansas, next only to Wyandotte and Sedgwick counties.	道格拉斯县的性传播感染率通常是堪萨斯州最高的，仅次于 Wyandotte 和 Sedwick 县。	1
Do we have too many or too few police on the block.	我们的街区有太多或太少的警察。	2
Do we want to get the former President of the Council out of our hair?	我们是否要让安理会前主席脱掉我们的头发？	2
Down below, strong gusts of wind emitted from the explosion swept the land, quickly knocking trees over like stacks of dominoes and sending them rolling along the ground like giant tufts of tumble weeds.	在下面，爆炸所产生的强烈的阵风席卷了陆地，迅速将树木敲过像多米诺骨的堆叠，并将它们像巨大的滚草堆一样沿着地面滚动。	0
Down Comforter Sets Discount Bedding Discount Bedding from the internets leading bedding supplier.	羽绒棉被由互联网领先的寝具供应商提供的寝具折扣。	2
Download our amazing NEW Progressive backgammon directory that enables you to play perfect strategy.	下载我们令人惊叹的全新 Progressive 反向音乐目录，让您能够实施完美的策略。	1
Download this document for more information on bacterial meningitis .	下载此文档，了解有关细菌性脑膜炎的更多信息。	0
Downstairs there is a beautifully tiled shower room and the house is equipped with a washing machine.	楼下有一个漂亮的瓷砖淋浴房，房子里有洗衣机。	1
Dowsing equipment Traditionally, the most common divining rod was a Y-shaped branch from a tree or bush.	传统上，最常见的除醋杆是来自树木或灌木的 Y 形树枝。	0
Dowsing the Road to Spiritual Growth Whether we are consciously aware of it or not, we are in the midst of Great Changes in the way we think and act.	不管我们是否意识到精神增长的道路，我们的思维和行动方式正在发生巨大变化。	1
Do you all think I still can save it from dying...	你们都认为我还能挽救它不会死去吗 ...	1
Do you enjoy reading about advances in aquatic sciences?	您是否喜欢阅读有关水生科学进步的信息？	0
Do you even know what caused the mortgage problems?	你甚至知道是什么导致了按揭问题吗？	1
Do you feel like you have more voice now than prior to the conversion?	您是否觉得您现在的声音比转换之前的声音要多？	2
Do you have a favourite Natural Landscape Photo?	您是否拥有最喜爱的自然景观照片？	0
Do you have ak400 car key programmer or other products of your own?	您是否拥有 ak400 汽车钥匙编程器或您自己的其他产品？	0
Do You Have an Executive Sponsor With Political Influence and Budget Authority?	您是否有具有政治影响力和预算授权的执行发起人？	1
Do you have an idea for a feature?	您是否对某个功能有想法？	1
Do you have an volt meter to check for power?	您是否有电压表检查电源？	0
Do you have any comment on these stories that are appearing now?	你对这些现在出现的故事有什么评论吗？	2
Do you have any idea how much I hurt after you left?	你是否知道我在你离开后受伤了多少？	1
Do you have dandelion extract or other products of your own?	您是否拥有丹狄里翁提取物或其他您自己的产品？	2
Do you have more photos that you can post?	您是否有更多可以发布的照片？	0
Do you have nail art kit or other products of your own?	您是否拥有指甲工具包或其他您自己的产品？	1
Do you have other clients in my industry?	您在我的行业中是否有其他客户？	1
Do you know of a similar site to Craigslist?	你知道有一个与 Craigslist 类似的网站吗？	1
Do you know what they did right after puking?	你知道他们在做了什么之后做了什么吗？	2
Do you normally take image with no compression?	您通常在不压缩的情况下拍摄图像吗？	1
Do you really want me to sign this picture of Morgan Freeman?	你真的想让我签署这张摩根 · 弗里曼的照片吗？	2
Do you suck cock better than she does?	你抽的水龙头比她好吗？	2
Do you think Jews should be evangelized and if so how?	你认为犹太人应该被福音传道吗？如果是的话，怎么做？	1
Do you think that is Africa or something?!!	你认为这是非洲还是什么东西？！！	1
Do you think the book will survive in its traditional form?	你认为这本书能以传统形式生存吗？	0
Do you think there will be a change due to the weather?	您认为天气会有变化吗？	1
Do you think these chains have unfairly developed a bad stereotype based a few isolated incidents?	您是否认为这些连锁企业不公平地形成了基于几起孤立事件的不良定型观念？	0
Do you think they really want somebody pushing their cereal that wrestles in a place called Brawlers on a Budget?	你认为他们真的希望有人把他们的谷类食品推向一个叫做“面包家”的地方，而这是一个廉价的地方吗？	2
Do you think they should resign Ron Artest?	你认为他们应该辞职 Ron Artest 吗？	1
Do you think we have an emergency session of Congress to help Haiti find the means to eat?	你认为我们有一个国会紧急会议来帮助海地找到吃饭的方法吗？	2
Do you think your users will ever tire of making you money?	您认为您的用户是否会厌倦为您赚钱？	1
Do you think you would be able to move on?	你认为你能继续吗？	0
Do you work at Beverly Hills Bar Association?	您是否在比佛利山庄律师协会工作？	0
Do you work at Kapstone Paper and Packaging Corp.?	您是否在 Kapstone Paper and Packaging Corp. 工作？	0
Draco had at first suspected his parents were behind the gift, but his father had soon put those suspicions of his to rest.	德拉科起初怀疑他的父母在礼物后面，但他的父亲很快就把对他的怀疑抛在脑后。	2
Draco shook his head and looked up at the professor hopeing to figure out what he was talking about and catch up.	德拉科摇头，抬头望着希望弄清楚自己所说的话的教授。	1
Draco smirked, though the effect was somewhat ruined by the flush of his cheeks and swollen lips and the unguarded desire in his eyes.	德拉科笑了起来，尽管他的脸颊和嘴唇的肿胀以及他眼睛中无人看守的欲望在某种程度上破坏了这种效果。	2
Dragon Seal has been making wines with international varieties for many years.	龙海豹多年来一直在生产国际品种的葡萄酒。	1
Drawing on a vast range of Japanese sources and illustrated with dozens of astonishing documentary photographs, Embracing Defeat is the fullest and most important ...	以日本的大量消息来源为基础，用数十张令人惊叹的纪录片作了说明，拥抱失败是最充分和最重要的 ...	2
Drawings of the layouts of communities are helpful for research projects, but would have benefitted from being larger.	绘制社区布局图有助于研究项目，但如果能扩大规模，将会受益匪浅。	0
Dr. Cialdini is the most frequently cited living social psychologist in the world.	Cialdini 博士是世界上最常被引用的活性社会心理学家。	1
Dr De has received numerous NSERC grants and published in leading academic journals and presented her work in national and international conferences.	德博士获得了许多 NSERC 赠款，并在主要学术期刊上发表，并在国家和国际会议上介绍了她的工作。	1
Dr. Drakken went into his room and took another paper that came with the invitation.	德拉肯博士进了他的房间，并拿走了另一份随邀请而来的文件。	0
Dressed in light jackets, Kenny and Kenneth signed out of the hostel and proceeded to walk out of school and down to the nearby lake.	肯尼和肯尼斯身穿轻便夹克，走出旅馆，走出学校，走到附近的湖边。	1
DRESSEL DIVERS will take you diving any day of the year and several times a day!	Dressel 潜水员将带您在一年中的任何一天和一天中多次潜水！	2
Dressing up exclusively elegant for prom night is perhaps the dream that is experienced by almost every young girl and boy in their teens.	为舞会之夜打扮得优雅也许是几乎所有十几岁的年轻女孩和男孩所经历的梦想。	1
Dried herbs are packed with vitamins and a healthy addition to almost any meal.	干香草中含有维生素，几乎任何一餐都是健康的补充。	1
Drink from 2013. marked note of griottes cherries and a firm seam of minerality.	2013 年开始喝一杯。标记了灰质樱桃和坚固的矿物接缝。	2
Driving in South America is not considered a particularly safe or easy task so being aware of the situation is a very big deal.	在南美驾驶并不是一项特别安全或容易的任务，因此了解情况是一件非常重要的事情。	0
Driving west on HWY 158, the front of our property is visible dead ahead, at the crest of the hill.	沿 158 号高速公路向西行驶，我们酒店的前方可看到山峰前方的死亡。	2
Dr Marc Derveeuw, UNFPA representative in India presided over the inaugural session and delivered the inaugural address.	人口基金驻印度代表马克 · 德尔韦乌博士主持了开幕会议并发表了开幕讲话。	0
Drop me a line if you have same interest.	如果您有相同的兴趣，请给我一条线。	2
Drop shadows are not included and shown for display purposes only.	不包括阴影并仅显示用于显示目的。	0
Drop the explosive device by the gates and back up to the shadow area across from it.	将爆炸装置放在安全门旁，然后返回到其对面的阴影区域。	1
Dr Pathak was very gentle with the treatment.	帕萨克医生对治疗非常温和。	1
Dr. Reid is expected to step down as president at the end of October and assume his new duties in November.	预计里德博士将于 10 月底降职为总统，并于 11 月就职。	2
Drug and Alcohol Workshop Return to Top When questions about drugs and alcohol arise, information and support is vital.	当出现有关药物和酒精的问题时，药物和酒精车间将返回顶部，信息和支持至关重要。	2
Drummer Charlie Benante and bassist Frank Bello provide a tight asskick of a rhythm section on the tune that should be a staple of their set for years.	鼓手 Charlie Benante 和 bassist Frank Bello 提供了一个严格的节奏部分，这应该是他们多年的主要组合。	2
Drusus stood chatting for a moment chatting with the men.	德鲁苏斯站着聊天，与这些人聊了一会儿。	1
D Sniper Read your mission objectives, then shoot the correct stickmen to progress to new missions.	D sniper read your mission objectives, then shoot the correct stickmen to progress to new missions.	2
Dual drive A belt driving system employing two adjacent pulleys each powered with its own motor.	双驱动一种皮带驱动系统，使用两个相邻的滑轮，每个滑轮都有自己的马达。	0
Ducking in Ayden grabbed the inside of his wrist and brought him around to slice open the armor and flesh of another with the blade of the Cardassians she held.	在艾登的引路抓住了他手腕的内侧，带着他带着她所持的卡德西亚人的刀片，将另一人的盔甲和肉骨切开。	2
Dude it was obviously a joke It went right over your head.	这显然是一个笑话，它就在你的头上。	1
Due to an unforseen circumstance, I will be postponing the book discussion meet up one week to Sunday, the 27th of Feb. I do hope everyone will still be able to attend.	由于一个不可预见的情况，我将把书讨论会议推迟一个星期到 2 月 27 日星期日。我确实希望大家都能参加。	1
Due to his untiring efforts, the movement Unity of Man began to spread on an international level, while the main centre in Austria near Salzburg was developed.	由于他的不懈努力，人的团结运动开始在国际一级传播，而萨尔茨堡附近的奥地利主要中心也得以发展。	1
Due to how he is, unless you want me to, I figure his fists and armor are more than enough to compensate for him having only a sniper rifle as a weapon.	由于他的身份，除非你愿意我，否则我认为他的拳头和盔甲足以补偿他只有一支狙击步枪作为武器。	2
Due to the distance between the two cities, Olof and Stefan do most work together via internet.	由于这两个城市之间的距离， Olof 和 Stefan 通过互联网开展了大部分合作。	0
Due to the need for compliance with an extensive regulatory framework, it has touched at the heart of the research and teaching cultures as well as areas of public display, such as museums.	由于需要遵守一个广泛的监管框架，它触及了研究和教学文化的核心以及公共展览领域，如博物馆。	1
Due to the refinancing nature, HKT decided not to increase the facility size.	由于再融资性质，香港电讯决定不增加设施规模。	0
Due to the removal of this aspect to another government department, there will be a substantial delay in assessing the proposal.	由於这方面的工作会被另一个政府部门删除，因此在评估建议时会有相当长的延误。	2
Due to the unpredictable nature of wild marine environments, we are unable to guarantee the exact marine life that will be seen on each trip.	由于野生海洋环境的不可预测性，我们无法保证每次旅行中所能看到的确切海洋生物。	1
Due to war between the East Roman Empire and Persia, the Georgian Kingdom fell apart and became a cluster of small kingdoms.	由于东罗马帝国和波斯之间的战争，格鲁吉亚王国分崩离析，成为小王国的集群。	1
Duke, AJ and Michael put their heads together about how to save ELQ.	Duke ， AJ 和 Michael 一起讨论如何拯救 ELQ 。	1
Dumbledore closed his eyes and began a quiet chant.	杜布莱多闭上了眼睛，开始了一场安静的大唱。	2
Dumbledore had finally found the one who can open Grimmauld Place, and its not Bellatrix.	杜布莱多终于找到了一个可以打开格里马乌尔德广场的地方，而不是贝拉特里克斯。	2
Duo threw his head back and groaned again.	双人把头向后跳，再次被人呻吟。	2
Duo was cut off as Wu Fei picked up the braided boy and promptly let go, allowing Duo to fall to the ground.	两人被切断，因为吴飞接起了那个受助的男孩，立即离开，让两人摔倒在地上。	2
During a six month trial, patients who were given an oral magnesium supplement had less chest pain and performed better during stress tests.	在为期六个月的试验中，获得口服镁补充剂的患者胸痛较小，在压力测试中表现更好。	0
During continuous scanning and recognition, Kurzweil will notify the user immediately if there is a page that falls below the confidence level.	在连续扫描和识别过程中，如果页面低于置信度， Kurzweil 将立即通知用户。	0
During each of these activities the queen is either stationary or moving short distances.	在每项活动中，女王要么静止不动，要么短距离移动。	1
During his long career in commercial radio he has held a broad portfolio of positions within sales, customer service and regional management before taking up his current position of Group HR Director.	在商业电台的长期职业生涯中，他在担任当前集团人力资源总监之前，曾在销售，客户服务和区域管理部门担任过广泛的职务。	1
During his teaching career he developed an interest in martial arts and is now expert in unarmed combat.	在他的教学生涯中，他对武术有兴趣，现在是武装战斗的专家。	0
During Holi festival Indian people use wide range of bright colors.	在霍利节期间，印度人民使用各种明亮的颜色。	0
During landing, the aircraft touched down late and could not be stopped within the available runway length and went beyond the runway.	飞机降落时，飞机晚点降落，无法在可用的跑道长度内停车，并越过了跑道。	1
During our interview with Buffy, AIROS talked with her about her career and her great accomplishments.	在与 Buffy 的访谈中， AIROS 与她谈论了她的职业生涯和她的伟大成就。	0
During the British rule a number of bridges were constructed.	在英国统治期间，建造了一些桥梁。	0
During the Civil war the main line was severely damaged, some of its stretches destroyed.	内战期间，主要线路遭到严重破坏，部分线路被毁。	0
During the day you want to incorporate the natural light and just have a lamp in a darker area.	在白天，您希望将自然光融入到黑暗的区域中，只需要一盏灯。	2
During the last five months, a campus committee has worked closely with the administration to evaluate management options for the Lipscomb Bookstore.	在过去 5 个月中，一个校园委员会与行政当局密切合作，评估 Lipscomb 书店的管理选择。	1
During the mutiny, Fryer was the only officer who made a forceful attempt to talk Christian out of his hasty decision.	在兵变过程中，唯一一名军官是弗鲁耶，因为他匆忙的决定而强行试图与基督徒交谈。	0
During the preparation of the Construction Documents, Construction Manager shall update and refine this projection at appropriate intervals.	在编制施工文件期间，施工经理应按适当的时间间隔更新和完善此预测。	1
During the second night we crossed the Wetter Lake, which I did not see; for when I came on deck we were already on the Viken, the most beautiful sheet of water between Stockholm and Gottenburg.	在第二天晚上，我们穿过了我没有看到的湿湖，因为当我来到甲板上的时候，我们已经在维肯河上了，这是斯德哥尔摩和哥特滕堡之间最美丽的一层水。	2
During the workshop, participants will discover their own Empathy Style, will learn about the way the different styles interact with each other and will develop skills to identify the styles of others.	在研讨会期间，参与者将发现自己的同理心风格，了解不同风格之间的互动方式，并发展识别他人风格的技能。	2
During the workshop participants will learn about the biology of these organisms and their role in the Pennsylvania Ecosystem.	在研讨会期间，与会者将了解这些生物的生物学及其在宾夕法尼亚生态系统中的作用。	0
During the year, the Training Unit took the lead in coordinating the development of a Learning Content Management System.	在这一年中，培训股牵头协调了学习内容管理系统的开发工作。	2
During this time, counselors and teachers work with students on study skills as well as help them begin to feel comfortable in the middle school setting.	在此期间，辅导员和教师与学生一起学习技能，并帮助他们开始在中学环境中感到舒适。	0
During this time we spent together, I found myself steadily falling for her.	在这段时间里，我们在一起，我发现自己在为她而稳步下降。	2
During this worship, our six Coming of Age sojourners will share with you their credos, an expression of their beliefs and values.	在这种崇拜中，我们六个成年的旅居者将与你们分享他们的信条和价值观。	1
Dwarves can only launch when it results in a capture.	只有在捕获结果时，矮人才能启动。	2
Each apartment has a patio with mountain and garden views.	每间公寓都有一个露台，可欣赏山景和花园景观。	0
Each bay is broken into a number of elements and these are ordered and separated by vertical chimneys, which ventilate the car park and prevent the elevation being littered with louvres.	每个海湾都被分解成多个元素，这些元素由垂直烟囱进行订购和分离，从而为停车场通风，并防止高地被百叶窗乱抛。	2
Each business challenge can be tackled in a straightforward manner from the property perspective.	从物业角度而言，每项业务挑战都可以简单明了地解决。	1
Each camp has continued to attract its share of converts.	每个营地都继续吸引其在转换者中所占的份额。	2
Each chapter builds on the previous chapter and has numerous exercises to help the reader acquire a working understanding of the subject matter.	每一章都以上一章为基础，并有许多练习来帮助读者对主题有一个有效的理解。	0
Each child or young person in foster care is encouraged to maintain and develop family contacts and friendships as set out in his or her Care Plan and / or Placement Agreement (National Standards).	鼓励接受寄养照料的每个儿童或年轻人按照其照料计划和 / 或安置协议 ( 国家标准 ) 的规定保持和发展家庭联系和友谊。	1
Each cycle in the proﬁle results from the measurements using a single drive electrode pair.	曲线中的每个周期都是使用单个驱动电极对进行测量的结果。	0
Each day for the past thirteen years he had grown stronger and stronger under the guide of the Saiyans.	在赛义亚人的指导下，他在过去的 13 年中每天都变得更加强大。	1
Each finger in the advanced hand has an individual motor, giving amputees the motor control it takes to execute everyday tasks, like writing and holding small objects.	先进手的每个手指都有一个单独的电动机，使截肢者能够控制电动机来执行日常任务，如书写和握持小物体。	1
Each floor drain grate must be load rated to safely bear the maximum anticipated load which will pass over it.	每个地板排卸格栅必须具有额定负载，以安全承受将通过它的最大预期负载。	2
Each floor section is substantially planar and rectangular, and includes tongue elements on two sides and receiver elements on two sides.	每个地板部分都是平面和矩形的，包括两侧的舌片元件和两侧的接收元件。	1
Each group has responsibility for different aspects of OUCS services supplied to the University.	每个小组负责向大学提供的公开公开大学服务的不同方面。	2
Each hostel in Tiruchirapalli displays photographs and descriptions.	Tiruchirapalli 的每个旅馆都有照片和描述。	1
Each includes a travertine marble bathroom complete with soft bathrobes, a hairdryer and toiletries.	每间客房均配有石灰大理石浴室，配有柔软的浴袍，吹风机和洗漱用品。	0
Each Leasing department member is equipped to handle all your needs.	每个租赁部门成员都有能力满足您的所有需求。	1
Each movement describes the river with ease and clarity.	每一个动作都能轻松，清晰地描述河流。	1
Each note conjures the distinct world of captivity, with chains, hammers and anvils added to the score.	每一张便条都能让人联想到独特的被俘世界，并在得分中加入了链条，锤子和砧。	2
Each of the problem highlighted constitute a thematic area upon which different community groupings can come together and foster synergies for problem solving.	所强调的每一个问题都构成了一个主题领域，不同的社区团体可以在这个主题领域聚集在一起，促进解决问题的协同作用。	1
Each Party shall be responsible for the breach of this Contract by any of its Representatives.	每一方均应对其任何代表违反本合同负责。	0
Each phase is intended to engage the 436 whole person because the call to baptism and discipleship engages the whole person.	每个阶段的目的都是让 436 人参与，因为洗礼和纪律处分的呼吁涉及到所有人。	1
Each piece of pottery is hand poured and sanded until smooth, then cleaned to ensure that each feature is well defined.	每块陶器都经过手工浇灌和打磨，直至光滑，然后进行清洁，以确保每一个特征都得到明确定义。	1
Each piece of text appears as a single line of not more than 36 equally spaced characters which can be changed by typing.	每段文本都显示为一行，不超过 36 个等间距字符，可通过键入来更改。	0
Each pin is placed when I start a new adjustment brush.	当我启动新的调整刷时，每个销都被放置。	2
Each print on Plexiglas have also 4 holes (one at each corner) to hang it with style and to emphasize the creation on the wall.	树脂玻璃上的每张打印件也有 4 个孔（每个角落一个），用于将其与风格挂在一起，并强调在墙上的创作。	1
Each question has an appropriate answer or response.	每个问题都有适当的答案或答案。	2
Each registered household receives a letter and brochure from Bishop Jugis explaining the collection.	每个注册家庭都收到 Jugis 主教的一封信和小册子，解释这一收藏品。	1
Each religion claims to be the One True Faith.	每一种宗教都声称是一种真正的信仰。	1
Each Room Suite Features Mahogany Furniture And 25 Remote Control Tv S Data Ports In All Rooms.	每间客房套房均配备 Mahogany 家具和 25 个遥控电视 S 数据端口。	0
Each scene is accompanied by text that lists the important points that students should watch for in the live action.	每个场景都附带了列出学生在现场活动中应注意的要点的文本。	1
Each SNMP based check can define such a function.	每个基于 SNMP 的检查都可以定义这样的功能。	1
Each snow flake that falls ;it symbolizes a new hope for me...	每一个雪花落下，它象征着我的新希望……	2
Each student has one period of physical education and one period of an elective.	每个学生都有一个体育教育期和一个选修课期。	0
Each time a person speaks there needs to be space in between their speech.	每次一个人讲话时，在讲话之间都需要留出空间。	1
Each time the Disney Echo Affiliates navigation bar is clicked on your web page, a new web browser window is opened, while your page is still accessible.	每次点击网页上的 Disney Echo 附属公司导航栏时，都会打开一个新的网页浏览器窗口，同时您的网页仍可访问。	0
Each time we erected a tent and dug a bunker and stayed inside it.	每次我们都搭建帐篷，挖沙坑，留在里面。	0
Each time you press it, you advance one channel, as long as that channel has a frequency in it (even if the channel is locked).	每次按此键时，只要信道中有频率（即使信道已锁定），就会前进一个信道。	1
Each was a fitting description of his agony.	每个人都是对他痛苦的恰当描述。	1
Each week in February, a different artist takes over decorating and conceptualizing the physical space, while food is brought in from the myriad restaurants in the surrounding few blocks.	二月的每一周，一位不同的艺术家负责装饰和概念化物理空间，而食物则来自周围几个街区的众多餐馆。	1
Each word was torn out of my mind; the words that came out were stitched together into a whole that leaves me cold.	每一个词都从我的脑海中撕裂了；所出来的词都拼在一起，形成了一个让我感到冷的整体。	2
Earlier in the day there was doubt that Channel Seven would run the advertisement.	当天早些时候，人们怀疑第 7 频道是否会运行该广告。	2
Earlier on Wednesday, the Hungarian Olympic Committee also said it had received a letter containing a terrorist threat and that it had heard of similar threats to other countries.	周三早些时候，匈牙利奥林匹克委员会还说，它收到了一封载有恐怖主义威胁的信件，并听说过对其他国家的类似威胁。	2
Early in the morning on July 15, 1958, they awoke in their bed with three flashlights shining in their faces.	1958 年 7 月 15 日清晨，他们在床上醒来，三盏闪光灯在脸上闪耀。	1
Early morning and late afternoon times for surveys are recommended.	建议在清晨和下午晚些时候进行调查。	0
Early Termination - terms of more than one year If your Personal Term Deposit is closed during the term, the interest will be calculated on the number of full days the account was open.	提前终止 - 超过一年的期限如果您的个人定期存款在期限内关闭，则利息将根据账户开立的完整天数计算。	1
Early the next morning the Indians took me over to the fort to see the white people that were there.	第二天清晨，印度人带我去堡垒看那里的白人。	1
East Dry Branch from its confluence with the Buffalo Branch to its confluence with Mountain Run.	东干分支从与布法罗分支的汇合点到与山地跑的汇合点。	2
Easy access to land is being threatened due to increase in demand for fanning, residential and other developmental purposes.	由于对狂热，居住和其他发展目的的需求增加，容易获得土地的机会受到威胁。	1
Easy depositing and quick withdrawals make this site one of our favorites.	简单的存款和快速取款使这个网站成为我们最喜欢的网站之一。	1
Easy free parking that is easily accessible from the hotel elevator.	方便的免费停车场，可从酒店电梯轻松抵达。	0
Easy of handling is a bottom line requirement for bulls.	易于操作是对公牛的底线要求。	1
Easy Peasy is really designed for Netbooks, it gives you some of those typical Netbook interfaces that contains large icons that you click on to load the specified application.	Easy PICY 真正为 Netbook 而设计，它为您提供了一些典型的 Netbook 界面，其中包含您单击加载指定应用程序的大图标。	0
Easy to use interface with the focus specialized on making our product easy for u to locate your partner online.	易于使用的界面，专注于使我们的产品易于在线找到您的合作伙伴。	2
Eating it hungrily Lance put the bottle back in his pocket for later uses.	吃了它，又饿又饿的 Lance 把瓶子放回口袋里，供以后使用。	2
Eating white bread deprives you of the fiber content and health benefits of wheat bread.	吃白面包会使您失去纤维成分和小麦面包的健康优势。	2
Eclectic boho jewelry is usually artistic and exquisite, and can never quit of style.	不拘一格的波霍珠宝通常都是艺术和精致的，永远不会让您感到不拘一格。	2
Economic considerations are more likely to be binding constraints in larger institutions.	经济因素更有可能成为较大机构的约束性制约因素。	0
Economists calculate that it will have to rise past 18 percent if the baby boomers are to receive the same benefits that Social Security has promised, unless we take steps soon to reform the way Social Security is financed.	经济学家认为，除非我们很快采取措施改革社会保障的融资方式，否则，如果婴儿出生者要获得社会保障承诺的同样福利，就必须提高 18% 。	1
Ecstatic Frog Eves Song mp3 song from Pond Life album is highlighted by orange color at the tracks list.	来自金发生命相册的“无色青蛙 Eves 歌曲” MP3 歌曲在曲目列表中以橙色突出显示。	2
Ecuador is located in South America bordering the Pacific Ocean.	厄瓜多尔位于南美洲，毗邻太平洋。	0
Ecuador severed diplomatic ties with Colombia after Colombian troops entered its territory on March 1 to attack a camp of the FARC, calling the raid a violation of its territorial sovereignty.	厄瓜多尔在哥伦比亚军队于 3 月 1 日进入哥伦比亚领土攻击哥伦比亚革命武装力量的一个营地后断绝了与哥伦比亚的外交关系，称这次袭击侵犯了哥伦比亚的领土主权。	0
Eddie wrestled in high school, graduated from Columbia University with a history major and philosophy minor, and did graduate work in magazine publishing at New York University.	Eddie 在高中摔跤，毕业于哥伦比亚大学，主修历史，主修哲学，并在纽约大学从事杂志出版工作。	1
Edgeworth took a moment to wipe the look of horror off of his face before rounding on the detective with a cold silent glare.	Edgeworth 花了一段时间擦去了他脸上的恐怖景象，然后用一个冷而无声的眩光将侦探四舍五入。	2
Ed.: The angle is about the arcsine of the reciprocal of the Mach number.	编辑：角度是指马赫数对等的心弦。	1
Educated at the universities of Gottingen , Berlin and Bonn he worked as a tutor in philosophy before being made professor at Konigsberg .	他在哥丁根，柏林和波恩大学受过教育，在担任 Konigsberg 教授之前曾担任哲学导师。	1
Educate Yourself on the situation in the eastern part of the DRC.	教育自己了解刚果民主共和国东部的局势。	1
EDUCATION CARDS Summer cards are provided to any child living within the county from June 1st through September 30th.	6 月 1 日至 9 月 30 日期间，向居住在该州的任何儿童提供教育卡夏季卡。	1
Education was historically the jurisdiction of the Christian missionaries, but this act ceded its control to the state, who then used it to manipulate the black national identity.	教育历来是基督教传教士的管辖权，但这一行为将其控制权交给国家，国家随后利用教育操纵黑人民族身份。	1
Edward had warned me, going from his past experiences with Cullen Family Movie Night, that perhaps it would be better if our innocent little daughter was not in attendance.	爱德华从他过去在库伦家庭电影之夜的经历中警告我，如果我们无辜的小女儿不出席，也许会更好。	1
Edward looks up and then reaches out to get something.	Edward 向上看，然后伸出手去找点东西。	1
Edward was holding me as if we were the only ones in world.	爱德华把我当作世界上唯一的人。	1
Effective communication helps people develop powerful resumes and cover letters that speak volumes and this greatly increases their chances of getting a job.	有效的沟通有助于人们开发出能说得多的强有力简历和求职信，这极大地增加了他们获得工作的机会。	1
Effect of changes in accounting policies In line with IAS 8, the changes in accounting policies are applied retrospectively.	会计政策变化的影响按照国际会计准则第 8 号，会计政策的变化是追溯适用的。	1
Effie looks at me questioningly, but refrains from asking, and Haymitch looks back and forth from me to the Avox and knows right away what I had been thinking.	埃菲对我的看法是有疑问的，但不问，海米特奇从我那里来回看着阿沃克斯，并立刻知道我一直在想什么。	2
Efforts to strengthen the alliance also reduced the possibility that Japan would pursue a security policy independent of the United States.	加强联盟的努力也减少了日本奉行独立于美国的安全政策的可能性。	1
Egyptian Interior Ministry official is quoted as saying.	埃及内政部官员被引述为“。	2
Eide is laying between Molde City and Kristandsund City.	艾德位于莫尔德市和克里斯塔松德市之间。	0
Eight of the suites offer both massage and wet treatments.	八间套房提供按摩和湿护理。	1
Eight singers took part in the finals in Mumbai.	八名歌手参加了孟买的决赛。	0
Either can work and either can fail for executive stock options.	两种方法都可以奏效，两种方法都可以在高管股票期权方面失败。	1
Either or both of these new products could drastically change your build or reduce the prices on the parts you have listed.	这两种新产品中的一种或两种都可以大幅改变您的制造或降低您列出的零件的价格。	1
Either way, thanks to all those of you who commented and I hope everyone enjoyed reading it even if they had nothing to say.	不管怎么说，感谢你们所有人的评论，我希望每个人都喜欢阅读它，即使他们没有什么可说的。	1
Either way, the program will integrate courses from both Students should expect to complete a lot of group projects as well as individual projects where they can demonstrate leadership ability.	无论采用哪种方式，该计划都将整合两位学生的课程，这些课程都将完成大量的集体项目以及能够展现领导能力的个人项目。	0
Either you are or you are not.] I explained to him that Hormel packed vienna sausages and that he might apply there first.	”我向他解释说，霍梅尔包装了维也纳香肠，他可能会先在那里申请。	2
EKKER offers to its clients a systematic approach to purchasing and logistics processes, managing the knowledge of market, equipment and prices that allows guaranteeing the maximum return of investments.	EKKER 为其客户提供了一种系统的采购和物流流程，管理市场知识，设备和价格，从而保证最大的投资回报。	1
Elder abuse is a shocking crime, and all too many of our elderly suffer at the hands of caretakers.	虐待老人是一种令人震惊的罪行，我们很多老人都在看守人的手中受苦受难。	1
Electing a retired officer takes us back to the past.	选举一名退休官员将使我们回到过去。	1
Electrical impulses also cause muscles to contract and endocrine cells to secrete hormones.	电脉冲还会导致肌肉收缩，内分泌细胞分泌激素。	0
Electric brakes can stop the blade in as little as two seconds, compared to up to twelve seconds for a saw without this feature.	电动制动器可以在短短两秒钟内停止锯片，而对于没有此功能的锯，则可在长达十二秒的时间内停止锯片。	0
Electricity and magnetism are very closely related true or false?	电和磁性是非常密切相关的真实还是假的？	2
Electricity consumers in the UK will need to get used to flicking the switch and finding the power unavailable.	英国的电力消费者需要习惯对交换机进行轻击，并找到不可用的电力。	1
Electricity utilities Eon and Vattenfall report that they have raised their state of alert after SMHI's storm warning to tackle any eventual power failures.	电力公司 Eon 和 Vattenfall 报告说，它们在 SMHI 发出风暴警报后提高了警报状态，以解决任何最终的电力故障。	1
Electronic Journals for Management Link to a listing in ALICE for electronic journals in the field of Management...	管理电子期刊链接到 Alice 中管理领域电子期刊的列表 ...	1
Elena felt the most powerful orgasm shudder through her entire body, causing her toes to curl.	艾琳娜整个身体都感到最强大的高潮，导致脚趾弯曲。	1
Elena Gilbert opened her brown eyes, and immediately felt the weight of her vervain necklace hanging around her neck.	艾琳娜 · 吉尔伯特打开了她的棕色眼睛，立刻感觉到她的白颈项链的重量挂在她的脖子上。	2
Elena scooted closer to me when a lady blew cigarette smoke into her face.	当一位女士将香烟烟雾吹入她的脸上时，艾琳娜骑着摩托车靠近我。	2
Eleni walked down the staircase and into the kitchen around 2 in the morning.	Eleni 在凌晨 2 点左右走下楼梯，走进厨房。	0
Elinor Jones sent Montgomery the treatment for Bonnie and Clyde almost immediately.	埃利诺 · 琼斯几乎立即将邦尼和克莱德的治疗送到蒙戈默里。	2
Elizabeth scowled, not appreciating the insinuation that she needed some sort of alien drug to put her in a good mood.	伊丽莎白大骂，不明白她需要某种外来毒品来使她心情好的这种说法。	1
Ella was a spitting image of her mom the Wicked Witch.	Ella 是她母亲的一个令人发芽的形象，女巫是女巫。	2
Elsa sighed in relief as she shut down the computer.	Elsa 在关闭计算机时感到宽慰。	1
Elsewhere, Diana Greene, a director at Google and another member of the judging panel, expressed concerns over the lack of females in the engineering industry.	在其他地方，谷歌公司的一名董事和评审小组的另一名成员 Diana Greene 对工程行业中缺少女性表示关切。	1
Elsewhere more gains for Telecom Plus after the successful £12m placing which raises a lot of money for the company without the need for a damaging rights issue.	在其他地方，继成功的 £12m 配售后， Telecom Plus 获得了更多收益，从而为公司筹集了大量资金，而不需要产生破坏性的权利问题。	1
Elvis Presley did have a son though he never publicly acknowledged him as his.	埃尔维斯 · 普雷斯利确实有一个儿子，尽管他从未公开承认他是他的儿子。	1
E-mail clients are notorious for not telling us these basic facts, so it is good to be aware that the situation may not be exactly as it appears.	电子邮件客户因没有告诉我们这些基本事实而臭名昭著，因此最好知道情况可能与事实不符。	1
Emailing Payslips Send your payslips automatically to employees and customise payslips to suit your organisation.	通过电子邮件发送工资单将您的工资单自动发送给员工并自定义工资单以适合您的组织。	1
Email us about any we do not have.	向我们发送有关我们没有的任何信息的电子邮件。	2
Embark on a course of regular vaccination and worming.	开始定期接种疫苗和进行礼拜。	1
Emms seems to have the magic touch however.	然而， EMM 似乎有魔力触感。	0
Emotional Stress Marie Antoinette Another theory surmises that emotional stress causes this condition, and there seems to be some historical evidence to support it.	情绪压力玛丽 · 安托瓦内特的另一个理论认为情绪压力造成了这种状况，似乎有一些历史证据支持这种状况。	0
Emotions were high as tears fell down sorrowed faces.	眼泪流下了悲伤的脸，情绪高涨。	2
Emphasis is placed on the practical aspects of the subject, with the children carrying out investigations wherever appropriate.	重点放在这一问题的实际方面，儿童酌情进行调查。	1
Empirical evidence is important because it is evidence that others besides yourself can experience, and it is repeatable, so empirical evidence can be checked by yourself and others after knowledge claims are made by an individual.	经验证据很重要，因为它是除您之外的其他人可以体验的证据，而且可以重复使用，因此经验证据可以在个人提出知识主张后由您自己和其他人检查。	1
Employee Notice Alcohol or controlled substance testing must be conducted according to the terms of written policies and procedures that must be adopted by the employer.	员工通告酒精或受控物质测试必须根据雇主必须采用的书面政策和程序的条款进行。	2
Employees may make use of handheld PDAs or handheld Scanners to quickly handle tasks.	员工可以使用手持 PDA 或手持扫描器快速处理任务。	0
Employers are beginning to realize that what have been called costs of security are actually investments in their businesses.	雇主开始意识到，所谓的安全成本实际上是对其企业的投资。	0
Employers can search an organized list of candidate profiles and contact the most qualified candidate directly.	雇主可以搜索有组织的候选人简介列表，并直接与最合格的候选人联系。	0
Emy Joes fathers notes can still be seen scribbled on a wooden support pole that stood beside the grain chute.	埃尔 · 乔斯的父亲指出，仍然可以看到在一个木制支杆上划线，该支杆位于谷物滑槽旁边。	2
Enable components to react to the occurrence of particular events in other components without knowledge of one another, while allowing dynamic participation of components and dynamic introduction of new kinds of events.	使组件能够对其他组件中发生的特定事件作出反应，而不相互了解，同时允许组件动态参与并动态引入新类型的事件。	2
Encounter how to be just like Barbie portraying the role of a chef or perhaps a cook.	遇到如何像芭比描述厨师或厨师的角色一样。	2
Encourager – Makes positive comments to other group members and ensures that conversation is polite.	鼓励者–向其他团队成员提出积极的意见，并确保谈话是有礼貌的。	1
Encourage your child to tell the doctor if his symptoms worsen or if new symptoms develop.	鼓励您的孩子告诉医生他的症状是否恶化或是否出现了新的症状。	2
Endesa has an impressive network of companies which it fully or partly owns.	ENDESA 拥有一个令人印象深刻的公司网络，它完全或部分拥有这些公司。	0
Endoline 200 Series Endoline is a pioneer in designing case erectors for challenging environments and was the first to introduce many unique features.	Endoline 200 系列 Endoline 是设计具有挑战性环境的箱体探测器的先驱，也是首家引入许多独特功能的公司。	1
Energy from waste wood is solar energy which has been stored in the wood for a few years.	废木产生的能源是太阳能，储存在木材中已有几年时间。	1
Enforcement of rules is lax on public lands.	在公共土地上执行规则是松懈的。	1
Engadget editors will use the site to solicit submissions in the months leading up to the 2014 CES and actively look for other eligible submissions once the event starts.	Engadget 编辑将在 2014 年 CES 之前的几个月内使用该网站征集提交材料，并在活动开始后积极寻找其他符合条件的提交材料。	1
England was airlifted to Halifax Health Medical Center in Daytona Beach in critical condition.	英格兰被空运至 Daytona 海滩的哈利法克斯医疗中心，情况危急。	2
English on the other hand was another story.	另一方面，英语是另一个故事。	2
Enjoy a package of Cheeky Getaway for Two at Aleesha Villas located in Sanur, which is the perfect oasis within the holiday paradise of Bali.	在沙努尔（ Sanur ）的 Aleesha Villas 享受双人廉价度假套餐，这是巴厘岛度假天堂中的完美绿洲。	1
Enjoyed every word and smiled the whole time!	享受每一个词，一直微笑！	2
Enjoying nature is my favorite way to cope so this is a very appropriate topic related directly to coping with our cancers.	享受自然是我最喜欢的应对方式，因此这是一个非常恰当的话题，直接与我们的癌症有关。	1
Enjoy the beautiful panoramic view of the villages below the pass.	欣赏山口下面村庄的全景。	1
Enjoy the outdoor If the weather is fine you can set up tables under the sequoia Contact...	享受户外活动如果天气好的话，您可以在红杉接触下设置桌子 ...	2
Enjoy watching an entire ecosystem of marine species including blowfish, porcupine fish, goliath groupers, giant morays, sea turtles and whale sharks, as well as the play of colors of the many different coral and anemone species.	享受观看整个海洋物种生态系统的乐趣，包括海鱼，猪口鱼，金线石斑鱼，巨型海鳐，海龟和鲸鲨，以及许多不同珊瑚和海牛物种的色彩表演。	2
Enrollment forms are also available from Benefits Administration for those individuals who do not have access to EDA.	对于无法使用 EDA 的个人，也可以从福利管理部门获得注册表。	0
Ensure adequate arrangements for safe usage of car parking, cleaning, resource and swimming pool chemicals, including their storage and the operation of resource areas and school minibuses.	确保妥善安排安全使用停车场，清洁，资源和游泳池化学品，包括储存化学品和资源区及学校小巴的运作。	1
Ensure you make the most of our comprehensive motoring and tyre suppliers service at Broxburn Autocentre.	确保您充分利用 Broxburn Autocenter 的全面汽车和轮胎供应商服务。	1
Entering Thailand without the proper visa may require you to leave country within 30 days.	在没有适当签证的情况下进入泰国可能需要您在 30 天内离开该国。	0
Entertaining kitchen with granite counters is open to family room.	带花岗岩柜台的娱乐厨房对家庭房开放。	0
Entrance into Glenbrook South High School is on the right just past the entrance to Glenbrook Hospital.	进入格伦布鲁克南高中的入口就在格伦布鲁克医院入口的右侧。	0
Entry of judgment by confession and execution thereon.	以供认方式作出判决并执行判决。	0
Environmental impact is a huge topic of conversation around the world, Save our Trees is cried around the world, But what about Save our Books, for the book lovers.	环境影响是一个世界范围内的巨大话题，拯救我们的树木在世界各地都哭了，但对于图书爱好者来说，拯救我们的书籍又是什么呢？	1
Environmentally friendly vehicles can be reserved by the hour or the day at rates starting at $9.	环保车辆可在时间或一天内预订，价格从 9 美元开始。	2
Environmental science often is not thought of by the public or the government, let alone the problem of human overpopulation, so this book served as one of the first looks into the issue.	环境科学往往不是公众或政府所考虑的，更不用说人口过剩的问题了，因此这本书是第一批研究这一问题的书之一。	1
Envisaging this fundamental transformation we can say that Batumi is an example for the rest of Georgia that national agreement on the whole territory gives a chance for development and prosperity.	设想这一根本性的转变，我们可以说，巴统是格鲁吉亚其他地区的一个例子，即全国领土协议为发展和繁荣提供了机会。	1
Enzymes increase the rate of a given reaction by lowering what kind of energy?	酶通过降低哪种能量来提高特定反应的速率？	0
Ep 4 Be Afraid of the Girl and Her Lightsaber Our Lady Geeks discuss the cultural differences between blonde girls versus everyone else.	EP 4 害怕女孩和她的 Lightsaber 我们的 Geeks 夫人讨论金发女孩与其他人之间的文化差异。	2
Epilogue The parable ends without revealing what the older son did.	可以脱毛的最后一个比喻没有透露大儿子的事。	2
Equally interesting as an example is the case where a user enters a conference site and is interested to know if there is somebody present from the University of Cambridge.	同样有趣的一个例子是，用户进入一个会议地点，并有兴趣知道是否有人来自剑桥大学。	2
Equipment repairs and maintenance in the field and at shop....	现场和车间的设备修理和维护	0
Equipped with oxygen release valve for high altitude and strong wind conditions.	配备氧气释放阀，可在高海拔和强风条件下使用。	0
Erica looked long and hard at the picture and slowly closed the album.	埃丽卡对这张照片看了很长时间，也很努力，慢慢地关闭了相册。	2
Eric Vilain, the specialist in abnormal sexual development at the University of California at Los Angeles who discovered that mutafions in SRY gene lead to feminisafion, sees the discovery as part of a trend.	Eric Vilain 是洛杉矶加利福尼亚大学性发育异常专家，他发现性倾向诱发性健康诱发基因突变导致女性性健康。他认为这一发现是一种趋势的一部分。	1
Erika: I became a fan when I heard her sing she inspires me to believe in myself.	伊里卡：当我听到她唱歌时，我成为了一个粉丝，她激励我相信自己。	2
Erik would of course be a genius at playing a piece of music that was dark and driven by powerful emotion.	埃里克当然会是一个天才，他演奏的音乐是黑暗的，是由强大的情感驱动的。	0
Escapes are more likely in warm months when windows and doors are opened more frequently but birds escape during the winter too.	在温暖的月份，更有可能发生越狱事件，因为窗户和门更频繁地打开，但冬季鸟类也会逃跑。	1
Especially since Hollywood has been stockpiling all the good scripts for next year.	特别是好莱坞已经为明年储备了所有好的剧本。	1
Especially when people who REALLY knew nothing about the situation, were very quick to voice their opinion on what I had done.	特别是当那些对这种情况一无所知的人对我所做的事情发表了非常快的意见时。	1
Especially when there were still things to resolve.	特别是在仍有问题需要解决时。	0
Essentially it establishes a continuous process for improvement.	从本质上讲，它建立了一个持续的改进过程。	0
Establish a written procedure for handling livestock during transport.	制定运输过程中处理牲畜的书面程序。	0
Establishing a system so the youngest athletes can become familiar with how the higher levels of sports operate is key Davis believes.	Davis 认为，建立一个制度，使最年轻的运动员能够熟悉较高水平的体育运动是如何运作的。	1
Establishment of representative and permanent offices of the press bodies.	设立新闻机构的代表和常设办事处。	0
Establish one Development office with one Development Director.	设立一个发展办公室，配备一名发展主任。	0
Esther placed a saucer of millet and a dish of water on the table and the parakeet ate and drank.	埃斯特在桌子上放了一个小米和一盘水，小鹦鹉吃了一顿，喝了一杯。	2
Esther says Bryce became violent and would be an unfit father.	埃斯特说，布莱斯变得暴力，将成为一个不合适的父亲。	1
Estonia and Lithuania were shocked that their captor was actually admitting he was afraid.	爱沙尼亚和立陶宛震惊地发现，他们的俘虏实际上承认他害怕。	1
Eternity rings also present well when given inside a custom holiday ornament, making that particular spot on the tree extra dazzling.	当在一个定制的节日装饰品内提供永恒的戒指时，它也表现得很好，使这棵树上的特殊地点更加耀眼。	2
Etheridge, wearing an Obama pin on her guitar strap, prompted the audience to erupt in applause when she adapted the lyrics of her hit song What Happens Tomorrow to highlight the Illinois senator.	戴着奥巴马的一根针脚戴在她的吉他腕带上，当她改编了她的歌曲《明天发生的事》的歌词以突出伊利诺伊参议员时，埃赛迪格激起了观众的掌声。	2
EU Human Rights Transmission to Africa and its challenges 1.	欧盟向非洲传递人权及其挑战 1.	2
Euratom also provides a mechanism for providing loans to finance nuclear projects in the EU.	欧洲原子能共同体还提供了一个机制，为欧盟的核项目提供贷款。	0
Euro car parts st helens personal Chapter the little boy perhaps.	欧罗汽车零件公司的《 Helens 》个人章节也许是个小男孩。	2
Europe as First The LG business executives have declared that this cellular phone would be launched in the Europe firstly, and then it would be launched in the all other parts of the global market system.	作为欧洲的第一批 LG 企业负责人，他们宣布这款手机将首先在欧洲推出，然后将在全球市场体系的所有其他部分推出。	0
Europe has been rather slow to recognize the Islamic origin of her scientific method.	欧洲在承认她的科学方法的伊斯兰起源方面一直相当缓慢。	2
Evaluation of the effectiveness of affirmative action statutory laws and policy instruments in the Netherlands has been seen largely as a 'bureaucratic monstrosity' (Glastra et al., 1998) due to the added burden it places on employers.	对荷兰扶持行动成文法和政策文书效力的评估主要被视为一种 " 官僚主义 " （ Glastra 等人， 1998 年），因为它给雇主带来了额外的负担。	0
Evelyn just hoped that he would remember the ritual and not run off to battle.	Evelyn 只是希望他能记住这一仪式，而不是跑向战斗。	2
Even a relatively low failure rate has caused a recall of millions of laptop batteries.	即使是相对较低的故障率也导致数百万笔记本电脑电池召回。	1
Even as the oil company, the EPA, and the other related industries continue to lie and blame shift about the amount of oil that is spilling into the Gulf, America continues to cover up her sins.	即使石油公司，美国环保局和其他相关行业继续对正在向海湾扩散的石油数量进行指责和指责，美国仍在继续掩盖她的罪孽。	1
Even before it was a neighborhood on earth this one had been here.	甚至在它成为地球上的一个社区之前，这一个就已经来到这里。	2
Even civil unions do not offer all the benefits that a marriage does.	即使是民间工会也不能提供婚姻所带来的所有好处。	2
Even halfway across the command center, and without the frame of red hair surrounding her face and her commanding voice, the look alone would have been enough to cow the junior officer.	即使是在指挥中心的中间，如果她的脸周围没有红头发的框架和她的指挥声，仅仅看一眼就足以让低级军官受够了。	2
Even if drug users are not killed as punishment, they are often subjected to extreme violence at the hands of law enforcement officers.	即使吸毒者不被杀害作为惩罚，他们也常常受到执法人员的极端暴力。	0
Even if it is just one class it can still make a difference because of the time conflicts during regular semesters.	即使它只是一个班级，它仍然可以发挥作用，因为常规学期的时间冲突。	2
Even if that meant having to give you up at some point.	即使这意味着一定要放弃。	0
Even if the stressor is out of your control, there is usually something about it that you can control.	即使压力不在您的控制范围内，通常也有一些您可以控制的东西。	1
Even if they were slightly negative they really helped me mold this story into what it is.	即使他们有点消极，他们真的帮助我把这个故事变成了它的样子。	2
Even if you do it as inexpertly as Jane did just now.	即使你像简那样不熟练地完成这项任务。	2
Even in it meant that Harper was living out her dreams.	即使在这种情况下，哈珀也在实现她的梦想。	0
Even Itachi did not feel like training today lest he got caught in a freak forest fire.	即使伊塔奇今天也不想训练，除非他被森林大火所捕获。	1
Even newer assignments at work lately are giving me several examples of how many different styles of work styles, management and overall temperament goes into getting a job task done.	即使是最近工作中较新的任务，也给我举了几个例子，说明完成工作任务需要多少不同的工作风格，管理和整体风格。	2
Even now, the likes of Mr Bruch see the US military presence in Europe in mainly economic terms - all those German supermarkets and German restaurants that depend on American custom.	即使现在，布鲁奇先生也看到美国在欧洲的军事存在主要是经济方面的，所有依赖美国习俗的德国超市和德国餐馆都是如此。	2
Even now, women can be fined or imprisoned for violating Islamic dress codes.	即使现在，妇女也可能因违反伊斯兰着装规范而被罚款或监禁。	0
Even so, quite a few to point out that buying now provide you with a huge price reduction within the ordinary selling price.	即使如此，也有不少人要指出，购买现在在普通售价范围内为您提供了巨大的降价。	1
Even the company I work for know me.	即使是我工作的公司也知道我。	1
Even the injection of the here and gone peeping tom fail to lend any real momentum to these sections of the Podcast.	即使注入了 HERE 和不断进步的冬阴功也无法为播客的这些部分提供真正的动力。	1
Even their recent visit to New Delhi and meetings with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress core committee members and their threats to resign failed to have any impact.	即使他们最近访问新德里，与总理曼莫汉 · 辛格和国会核心委员会成员会晤，以及他们要求辞职的威胁也没有产生任何影响。	2
Even the local press turned out for the occasion.	甚至当地的媒体也为这一场合而出了头。	2
Even the more cutesy books about staying up past bedtime and acting up can be viewed as somewhat detrimental.	即使是关于睡前和行动的更直接的书籍也可以被视为有点有害。	2
Even the smell of the flowers had disappeared.	甚至连鲜花的气味也消失了。	0
Even though I doubt I will ever buy that particular Microsoft keyboard combination, I still enjoyed the piece.	尽管我怀疑我是否会购买特定的 Microsoft 键盘组合，但我仍然很喜欢这件事。	2
Even though it was only one day, it seemed long for him still.	虽然只有一天，但对他来说似乎还很长。	1
Even though Mai was expressing her heart and soul she still was a sarcastic smartass.	尽管玛伊正在表达她的心和灵魂，她仍然是一个讽刺的聪明者。	2
Even though neither of them had ever said anything, Quatre could tell that they really cared about each other.	尽管他们都没有说过任何话，但 Quatre 可以说他们真的彼此关心。	1
Even though only the masculine form of players are mentioned in this document, female players are implicitly also included.	尽管本文件中只提到男性球员的形式，但女性球员也被含蓄地包括在内。	2
Even though they got out of bed a few minutes ago.	尽管他们几分钟前就已经下床了。	2
Even though you did not know I was reading and paying attention I want to thank you .	尽管你不知道我在阅读和关注，但我要感谢你。	1
Eventually, she saw the rest of his pinstriped suit beginning to appear and she worked frantically to remove the final layer.	最后，她看到了他那件装了皮的衣服的其余部分开始出现，她在疯狂地工作着把最后的一层去掉。	2
Eventually they were all easily dispersed by the City.	最终他们都很容易被城市驱散。	1
Eventually we planted more in the large bed.	最终我们在大床上种植了更多的植物。	2
Even when we were trying to rebuild a life together the piece were so fragile and fell apart so easily.	即使我们试图共同重建生活，这块碎片也是如此脆弱，很容易分崩离析。	1
Even with an expensive seat cushion, you cannot compensate for the extra support and cushioning built into seating in modern cars.	即使是昂贵的座垫，您也无法弥补现代汽车座椅中内置的额外支撑和缓冲。	1
Even with family and friends who really cared for me, I found that fear of condemnation was still apart of me.	即使是对我真正关心的家人和朋友，我也发现对谴责的恐惧仍然是我的分离。	2
Ever since I knew him he had a target pinned on his back and one pinned on his chest.	自从我认识他以来，他的背后有一个目标被钉住，胸部有一个被钉住。	2
Ever since little Oota had accidentally set the curtains on fire, there had been a lot of talking.	自从小奥塔意外地把窗帘挂在火上之后，人们就开始谈论很多话题。	1
Every aspect of my life before Hogwarts was scheduled.	我在霍格沃茨之前的生活的各个方面都被安排好了。	1
Every case that I have is backed up with documentation, Pogany said.	Pogany 说，我的每个案例都有文件作为备份。	1
Every day since she is kidnap he would blame himself for not protecting her more or do something to make sure that she is safe even if its over the top.	自从她被绑架以来，他每天都会指责自己没有更多地保护她，或者做些什么来确保她的安全，即使她的安全已经超过了顶峰。	2
Everyday there will be a new bunny animation till Christmas.	圣诞节前每天都有新的兔子动画。	0
Everyday Walkthroughs Directory Need a Verizon Promotion Code?	日常演练目录需要 Verizon 促销代码？	1
Every day we need to be strengthened and renewed.	我们每天都需要得到加强和更新。	1
Every drill Alaska ran Thursday in practice dealt with speed.	阿拉斯加的每一项训练都是在周四进行的，练习中都谈到速度。	1
Every effort is made to minimise examination clashes (two exams scheduled at the same time).	我们尽一切努力将考试冲突降至最低（同时安排两门考试）。	0
Every human being has been free willed by God Almighty.	万能的真主已经为每一个人自由地赐了神。	1
Every human being is unique and special and interesting.	每个人都是独一无二的，特别的和有趣的。	1
Every member of the Convention stared at the intercom with differing degrees of horror etched on their faces.	会议的每一位成员都盯着内部通信，脸上刻有不同程度的恐怖。	1
Every minute counts, as most complications occur within an hour of a heart attack.	每一分钟都很重要，因为大多数并发症都发生在心脏病发作后的一小时内。	0
Every moment she spent in that place drove her a little closer to the edge.	她在那个地方度过的每一刻都让她离边缘更近一点。	0
Every month, we have a workshop for adult members to the fruition of our purpose of establishment.	我们每月都为成年成员举办一个讲习班，以实现我们的成立宗旨。	1
Every new script is a surprise for me.	每一个新的脚本对我来说都是一个惊喜。	1
Everyone had at least filled their trolleys twice, I looked at the shelfs of what I can see and most of it is empty.	每个人至少都有两次装满手推车，我看了我能看到的，大部分都是空的。	2
Everyone inside can expect a quiet and enjoyable ride, thanks in part to the fact that this is a modern Volkswagen replete with what has become the industry standard for interior materials, quality and design.	每个人都可以期待一段安静愉快的旅程，部分原因是这是一个现代大众汽车，充满了已经成为内部材料，质量和设计行业标准的东西。	0
Everyone instantly became silent and watched the paramedics wheel the body onto the truck.	每个人都立刻沉默了，看着医护人员把身体轮子停在卡车上。	2
Everyone in the Lodging House was awake and waiting with bated breath to hear what would happen.	旅馆里的每个人都醒了，喘着气等待着听到会发生什么。	1
Everyone listened attentively and reverently to the seven Gospel readings and seven Epistle readings, as well as to the touching prayers and canon that penetrate the human heart and summon feelings of true repentance.	每个人都认真和敬畏地听取了七个福音读数和七个开心果读数，以及穿透人类心脏并唤起真正忏悔感的感人祈祷和警犬。	2
Everyone seems so in character, definatly one of my favourite Itachi x Hinata fanfictions.	每个人似乎都很有个性，绝对是我最喜欢的 Itachi x Hinata 的幻想之一。	1
Everyone seems to be pointing this out to me but you get the prize for being first.	每个人似乎都向我指出了这一点，但您获得了第一名的奖品。	0
Everyone should be aware as is stated many times by many members of this group...	每个人都应该意识到这一群体的许多成员多次说过的 ...	1
Everyone was kept at a distance, even her once best friends Harry and Ginny.	每个人都被关在一个距离内，甚至她曾经是最好的朋友哈里和吉尼。	2
Everyone welcome and we look forward to seeing you for a chat soon.	大家都很欢迎我们，我们期待着很快与您进行聊天。	1
Everyone we talk to seems to know someone diagnosed with MS.	与我们交谈的每个人似乎都知道有人被诊断为 MS 。	0
Everypony looked at Pinkie Pie as she made an announcement.	珠峰在宣布时看了 Pinkie Pie 。	2
Every professional want to connect with more professionals from industry, they want to market their self and also want to promote their companies.	每一位专业人士都希望与更多来自行业的专业人士建立联系，他们希望推销自己，也希望提升自己的公司。	0
Every room was fully stocked with everything we needed to feel at home and each room was a treasure to explore --...	每个房间都有我们所需要的一切，让我们有宾至如归的感觉，每个房间都是一个值得探索的宝藏。。。。。	1
Every shinigami can combine strengths with their zanpakuto, but they can also link their energies with each other.	每一个神都可以将力量与神器结合起来，但他们也可以将他们的能量相互联系起来。	1
Every single inch of five huge mountains can be explored, complete with dynamic weather conditions that change how and where you can ride...	每一英寸五座巨大的山峰都可以被探索，同时还能在多变的天气条件下改变您的骑行方式和骑行地点 ...	0
Every single person you meet should receive individual attention.	您遇到的每个人都应该受到关注。	1
Every soap opera fan will love this sappy slot game.	每一个肥皂歌剧粉丝都会喜欢这种快乐的老虎机游戏。	1
Every story, no matter what else it may be about, needs some humor in it, and I enjoyed the scenes you have added.	每一个故事，无论它有什么其他的，都需要一些幽默，我喜欢你添加的场景。	2
Everything here is always fresh and the presentation of the food is beautiful.	这里的一切都很新鲜，食物的摆盘也很漂亮。	0
Everything just a few bytes away from working.	一切都在几个字节的距离内。	1
Everything now lights up but there is no BIOS beep and the monitor has no image.	现在一切都亮起，但没有 BIOS 蜂鸣声，显示器无图像。	0
Everything that is not valid for the whole human race should be left to each culture to determine.	所有对全人类无效的东西都应该由每一种文化来决定。	2
Everything worked out just perfectly, the minibus and driver were waiting for us at the airport and were there wherever we needed them for the next few days.	一切都很完美，小巴和司机在机场等我们，在接下来的几天里，我们需要他们的任何地方都在那里。	2
Everything you need is provided including posters and tickets.	提供您所需的一切，包括海报和门票。	0
Everything you need is within the Divine chambers of your etheric heart.	你所需要的一切都在你心的神室里。	1
Everything you need to make the very best first impression of your home, all perfectly displayed and yours for the choosing.	您所需要的一切都能让您对自己的家有最好的第一印象，所有的一切都完美地展示出来，供您选择。	1
Every time a knife cuts meat, the blade introduces new bacteria which multiply and slowly migrate towards the inside of the piece.	每次割刀割断肉时，刀片都会引入新的细菌，这些细菌会成倍增加，并缓慢地迁移到块内。	1
Every time he came home, we have to watched every movie he has on his flash drive.	每当他回家时，我们都要看他的闪存盘上的每一部电影。	0
Every time I looked at him, I felt like I was dropping off a huge cliff.	每次我看着他，我都觉得我是从一个巨大的悬崖上掉下来的。	1
Every time I tried to pinch the two widely gaping bits of flesh together, Gwen would writhe from beneath me causing more blood to spill from the wounds.	每次我试图把两块大跳的肉块夹在一起时，格文都会从我的下面流淌，导致更多的血从伤口中溢出来。	2
Every time she gets sent away my whole family gets depressed and goes crazy.	每次她被送走，我的家人都感到沮丧和疯狂。	1
Everytime she walks out of her house she deals with prejudice just because she is an African American, the same goes for Tessa, Christina, and the rest of you.	每次她走出家门，她都在处理偏见，因为她是一个非洲裔美国人， Tessa ， Christina 和你们其他人也是如此。	1
Everywhere from Point Pleasant to NYC has them.	从 Point Pleasant 到纽约的任何地方都有它们。	1
Everywhere there is a remarkable liability among soldiers to Consumption.	在任何地方，士兵对消费负有显著的责任。	2
Everywhere was smoke as the attendants of the ceremony coughed uncontrollably.	每一个地方都有烟味，因为仪式的服务员们不受控制地咳嗽。	2
Evidence based information about the health effects of edible mushrooms, especially of their effects on immune function and cancer risk.	关于食用蘑菇对健康的影响，特别是其对免疫功能和癌症风险的影响的证据信息。	1
Evidently no simple description of time will do.	显然，对时间的简单描述是不会做到的。	2
Evil people are threatened by the Truth; they are not afraid of other beliefs.	邪恶的人受到真理的威胁；他们并不害怕其他信仰。	0
Evolutionary interactions between sites Regulatory function is often determined not by single binding sites, but jointly by a group of sites in the same regulatory region [42].	站点之间的演变性交互监管功能通常不是由单个绑定站点决定，而是由同一监管区域内的一组站点共同决定 [42] 。	1
Exactly what many people perform would be to continue without having thinking.	许多人所做的就是在没有思考的情况下继续下去。	1
Exactly where the quarter of a million pound claim came from in the first place was a mystery to Pad.	这是 Pad 的一个谜。	2
Example: A person who provides day care services in her own home is not your employee.	示例：在家中提供日托服务的人不是您的员工。	0
Examples of this could be sports clubs or religious groups.	这方面的例子可以是体育俱乐部或宗教团体。	1
Examples of this go back to early Christian times, and recur in the persecutions of the Middle Ages.	这方面的例子可追溯到基督教早期，并在中世纪的迫害中重演。	1
Excellent rewards and huge cash prizes for members.	为会员提供卓越的奖励和巨大的现金奖励。	0
Exceptions to this rule are essentially the same as for refusing access to legal advice: it will lead to a loss of evidence, expose other people to danger, or allow other suspects to evade arrest.	这一规则的例外情况与拒绝获得法律咨询的例外情况基本相同：这将导致证据的丧失，使其他人面临危险，或允许其他嫌疑人逃避逮捕。	0
Except Rory seemed to be warming up to Karen a bit much!	除了罗里似乎对克伦的热情有点大！	2
Excoriating raspy vocals as if coming out of the rotted lungs of a corpse are coupled with harsh putrid tunes coughed out from a decrepit guitar, the sense of good music somehow still remaining intact.	像从尸体的旋转肺部出来的那种令人发指的刺耳的声音，与从一个破旧的吉他中发出的刺耳的木偶曲调相结合，良好的音乐感在某种程度上仍然完好无损。	2
Executive Coaching Whenever there has been a need to build performance capacity or to pass on accumulated wisdom, coaching was present.	当需要建立绩效能力或传授积累的智慧时，高管辅导就会出现。	1
Executives including Corzine, a Democrat who served in the Senate before he was elected governor of New Jersey, gave testimony on the collapse at three congressional hearings last year.	包括当选新泽西州州长之前曾在参议院任职的民主党科津在内的行政人员在去年的三次国会听证会上就该事件作证。	2
Exercise the right of eminent domain to acquire property.	行使知名领域的产权以获得财产。	1
Exhausted we retired for the evening, and spent the night packing for our early flight the next day.	我们已经精疲力尽，晚上退房了，第二天我们的早班飞机在晚上打包了行李。	1
Exhaust manifold free of cracks or missing bolts?	排气歧管是否无裂纹或螺栓缺失？	0
Existing registered subscribers will not be asked to pay for any release while their subscription is valid.	现有的注册用户在订阅有效期间不会被要求支付任何版本的费用。	0
Ex Parte related announcements are periodically emailed to those who subscribed to the Ex Parte Practitioners electronic mailing list.	与单方面相关的公告定期通过电子邮件发送给那些订阅单方面从业人员电子邮件名单的人。	1
Experience is the best teacher and by seeing how the plan has helped the church develop, it will give the church the courage to move further.	经验是最好的老师，通过看到计划如何帮助教会发展，它将使教会有勇气进一步前进。	0
Explain how their beliefs about the Sanctity of Life affect what Christians believe about abortion (8 marks) The sanctity of life is a Christian belief that life is precious and comes from God.	解释他们对生命神圣不可侵犯的信仰如何影响基督徒对堕胎的信仰（ 8 个标志）生命的神圣不可侵犯是一种基督教信仰，生命是宝贵的，来自上帝。	2
Explain why the scholars of the time were so intent on producing a new race of Roman youths for a revived Latin scholarly world.	解释为什么当时的学者如此想为复兴的拉丁学术世界创造一场新的罗马青年竞赛。	2
Explanation The Regional Policy Statement asks territorial local authorities to incorporate provisions in District Plans to assist in achieving sustainable land use and to avoid, remedy or mitigate the adverse effects of development.	解释区域政策声明要求领土地方当局在地区计划中纳入条款，以协助实现可持续的土地使用，并避免，补救或减轻发展的不利影响。	0
Explorers and merchants brought plants to the mother country from all over the world.	探险家和商人从世界各地将植物带到祖国。	0
Exploring the interactive eurhythmia that games create through the specific linear and cyclic rhythms of gameplay opens up these cybernetic texts to a physical and embodied analysis.	探索游戏通过特定线性和周期性游戏节奏产生的交互式电子心律，将这些网络学文本打开到物理分析和体现分析中。	2
Explosions and green death rained from he sky.	天空下了爆炸和绿色死亡的雨。	2
Explosive stools are known to give you a lot of irritation and more damage to the anal canal.	已知易爆的凳子会给您带来许多刺激，并给肛门带来更多的损伤。	1
Exposure doses of BPA in polecats (67) and ?eld voles (68) were signi?cantly correlated to the activity of UDPGT.	在多位子（ 67 ）和场体积（ 68 ）中的双酚 A 暴露剂量与 UDPGT 的活性有显著的相关性。	2
Extensive studies have also been conducted into the use of teledetective and photogrammetric methods for the purpose of monitoring the natural environment and historical buildings.	还对利用远距离探测和摄影测量方法监测自然环境和历史建筑进行了广泛的研究。	0
External or implanted radiation to the prostate and pelvis and chemically blocking the production of testosterone remain viable options as well [1].	对前列腺和骨盆的外部或植入辐射以及化学阻止睾丸激素的产生仍然是可行的选择 [1] 。	0
External Training External Training externally runs training schemes are normally used by smaller organisations, as they usually have too few employees requiring training.	外部培训外部培训外部管理的培训计划通常由较小的组织使用，因为他们通常只有太少的员工需要培训。	2
Extremely safe and natural they can be used by the whole family and pets.	极其安全和自然，可供全家和宠物使用。	0
FAA batters Park Slope and Prospect Park with helicopter route -- see the map.	FAA 击球手朴坡和展望公园（带直升机路线）——请查看地图。	2
FAC is linked with fuel and energy prices and calculated accordingly.	FAC 与燃料和能源价格相联系，并相应计算。	1
Factors affecting focus include: primacy of mention role in scenario syntactic role Discourse comprehension II What factors influence pronoun resolution?	影响焦点的因素包括：在情景语法中提及角色的首要地位角色对话理解 II 影响代名词分辨率的因素是什么？	2
Factors considered in the application process are household size and total household income.	申请过程中考虑的因素是家庭规模和家庭总收入。	0
Factors previously thought to affect levels of political knowledge have been shown to influence DK responses, yet these same factors exert virtually no effect on the number of knowledge items respondents answer incorrectly.	以前认为影响政治知识水平的因素已被证明影响 DK 的反应，但这些相同的因素几乎不会影响受访者回答错误的知识项目的数量。	0
Facts A payment dispute arose between Match Projects and Arccon and an application was made under the Act for adjudication.	事实 Match Projects 和 Arccon 之间发生了一场付款纠纷，并根据《裁决法》提出了一项申请。	0
Faculty at the School have paid tribute to him.	学校的教工向他致敬。	0
Faculty not complying with this policy are not be permitted to participate in this activity.	不遵守此政策的教师不得参与此活动。	2
Fail to remediate previous weaknesses by demonstrating any of the above marginal criteria in a subsequent review cycle in which a marginal ranking was assigned.	未能通过在随后的审核周期中展示上述任何边际评级标准来纠正先前的弱点，在随后的审核周期中分配了边际评级。	2
Fairchild appointed defense attorney James George to defend Pitts.	Fairchild 任命了辩护律师 James George 为 Pitts 辩护。	0
Families of infants and toddlers with special needs benefit both directly and indirectly from the teaming process.	有特殊需要的婴儿和幼儿家庭直接和间接地从团队合作过程中受益。	0
Family and friends Family and friends are crucial, but they will also have needs to be met by you.	家人和朋友家人和朋友至关重要，但他们也需要您的帮助。	1
Family Cruising Today families are realizing the ease and enjoyment of cruising with Costa, which offers the perfect setting for a reunion.	家庭巡游如今，家庭正在认识到乘坐 Costa 巡游的轻松和享受，这是聚会的完美场所。	1
Family Friendly Hotels in Suffolk Suffolk is a perfect choice for a family holiday with its beaches, attractions and many, many things to do.	Suffolk Suffolk 的家庭友好型酒店是家庭度假的完美选择，拥有海滩，景点和众多活动。	0
Family Home Evening Games Find fun Family Home Evening games perfect for any lesson or activity.	家庭家庭夜晚游戏寻找有趣的家庭家庭夜晚游戏，非常适合任何课程或活动。	2
Fancy seems to believe him and says he is her prince and they kiss.	“幻想”似乎相信他，并说他是她的王子，他们亲吻了。	1
Faramir smiled at the two of us before he answered my question.	法拉米尔在回答我的问题之前对我们两个人微笑。	1
Farrell married the 19 year old actress in a hush hush ceremony in Hawaii last July.	去年 7 月，法雷尔在夏威夷举行的一个“秘密”仪式上与这位 19 岁的女演员结婚。	0
Fashion chain Next will be opening a huge new shop in the Peel Centre later this year.	时装连锁店 Next 将于今年晚些时候在皮尔中心开设一家大型新商店。	0
Fatah feels it must make a move to bring a change or it will lose power to Hamas.	法塔赫认为，它必须采取行动改变，否则它将失去哈马斯的权力。	0
Fate had a funny way of expressing itself.	命运有一种有趣的表达方式。	1
Favorite thing about CPYR or about being here: My favorite thing about Crystal Peaks is that the Lord is clearly the center of this place.	关于 CPYR 或者关于在这里的最喜欢的东西：我最喜欢的关于水晶峰的东西是神显然是这个地方的中心。	1
Faye and Edna Earle have been recipients of Alumni Distinguished Service Awards.	Faye 和 Edna Earle 获得了校友杰出服务奖。	0
Faye smiled and mentioned them to sit down.	法耶笑了起来，说要坐下来。	2
Fear shot on his face from the sight of so much blood.	恐惧从看到这么多的血中射出他的脸上。	2
Featured Wedding Suppliers Secret Garden Venue & Resort Nestled in the very heart of Quezon City, Secret Garden Venue and Resort is the perfect venue for weddings, debuts, christenings or company celebrations.	特色婚礼供应商 Secret Garden Venue & Resort Nestled 位于奎松市中心， Secret Garden Venue 和 Resort 是举办婚礼，展览，会士活动或公司庆祝活动的理想场所。	1
Featuring a nice blend of vibrant colours and sleek fittings each room is fully air conditioned and equipped with flat screen cable and refrigerator.	每间客房都配有空调，纯平有线电视和冰箱，融合了鲜艳的色彩和时尚的装饰。	0
Federal Building near the Aloha Tower and Honolulu Harbor in Honolulu.	位于火奴鲁鲁鲁的阿罗哈塔和火奴鲁鲁港附近的联邦建筑。	2
Federal money squandered unproductively is made unavailable for more productive purposes.	浪费的联邦资金不能用于更有成效的目的。	2
Federal prosecutors in Miami had a photograph of Jeb Bush and Martinez shaking hands but would not release the photo to the public.	迈阿密的联邦检察官拍摄了一张 JebBush 和 Martinez 握手的照片，但不会向公众发布这张照片。	0
Feedlot cattle usually are given continual access to feed in an attempt to maximize feed intake.	喂入场牛通常可以连续喂入，以尽量增加喂入量。	2
Feel free to add links for your church groups.	您可以随意为教会团体添加链接。	1
Feel free to turn your glass of sparkling into a colorful cocktail.	您可以随意将一杯起泡酒变成一杯色彩缤纷的鸡尾酒。	0
Feeling frisky I quickly grabbed a vial of White Labs yeast and a couple bags of whole hops (an ample supply of malted grains I keep stashed at home).	感觉很不稳，我很快就抓住了一小瓶白实验室酵母和几袋完整的跃点（大量的麦芽谷物，我一直在家里吃）。	2
Feeling pressure in between her legs made Katie throw her head back and let out a moan.	在她的两腿之间感到压力，使 Katie 把头向后扔，放掉了一只麻布。	2
Fellowship with a professional organization such as the American Society of Interior Designers or Certified Interior Decorators International can help you network and grow.	与美国室内设计师协会或国际认证室内装饰师协会等专业组织合作可以帮助您建立网络和发展。	1
Female humans could only be fertile for a short number of years, and it seemed the Lady Jane had missed her mark.	女性人类只能在短短几年里繁殖，而吉英女士似乎已经失去了她的标记。	2
Ferguson believes it is because they are mirrors of the human psyche.	弗格森认为这是因为他们是人类心理的镜子。	1
Few custom instruments conjure up a period of rock music quite like this.	很少有定制的乐器会让摇滚音乐变得像这样。	1
FFI are unique in breaking down that secrecy by getting mass media coverage of what has always been treated with silence .	FFI 在通过获得大众媒体对始终被沉默对待的内容的报道来打破保密方面是独一无二的。	0
FGM work with partners has a strong male involvement of leaders in church and community.	女性外阴残割问题与合作伙伴的合作得到了教会和社区领袖的大力男性参与。	2
Fiction Electronic Books: A Usability Study 77 The results of the experiment have shown that users of Adobe Ebook Reader, which adheres closely to the guidelines, reported highest subjective satisfaction.	小说电子书：可用性研究 77 实验结果表明，严格遵守准则的 Adobe 电子书阅读器用户报告了最高的主观满意度。	0
FIFA also missed a golden opportunity because Australia would have turned on quite a show.	国际足联也错过了一个黄金机会，因为澳大利亚将会上演一场相当精彩的演出。	1
Fifth, we want to continue to maintain the reputation of our financial services system.	第五，我们希望继续维持本港金融服务体系的声誉。	0
Fifty years ago This photo was taken in the yard at his home in Park Rapids.	五十年前，这张照片是在他位于帕克拉皮兹的家中的院子里拍摄的。	0
Figure 1 Daily hours of household childcare by number of children and age of youngest child about one additional hour a day to childcare than families with just one infant.	图 1 按儿童人数和最小儿童年龄分列的家庭每天托儿时间比只有一名婴儿的家庭多大约一小时。	1
Figure 1 shows a typical analysis domain that may be used for the structural analysis of a portion of a piping system.	图 1 显示了一个典型的分析域，可用于管道系统部分的结构分析。	0
Figure M In this figure, the gray color is selected since that is the color currently in use to shade the cell.	图 M 在此图中，选择了灰色，因为这是当前用于为单元格加底的颜色。	0
Files from damaged manufacturing and supplying fully mainly link military sites.	来自被破坏的制造和供应的档案主要是连接军事场址。	2
Filipino nurses interviewed, earlier, complained that they were recruited to work for Sentosa on a contract, but ended up working with other nursing facilities.	早些时候接受访谈的菲律宾护士抱怨说，他们是根据合同为圣淘沙工作的，但最终与其他护理设施一起工作。	1
Finally after another few hours of work he was finished.	最后，他在工作了几个小时后终于完成了。	1
Finally, after nightfall, I gathered the cat dishes and the leftover food and placed it at the end of the hall, near the top of the stairs.	最后，在夜幕降临之后，我收集了猫的菜和剩菜，并将它们放在大厅的尽头，靠近楼梯的顶部。	1
Finally, a number of challenges associated with such a fundamental transition in the publishing model are described, in the technical as well as in the organizational domain.	最后，本报告还介绍了与出版模式的这种根本性转变有关的一些挑战，包括技术和组织领域的挑战。	1
Finally could I take the opportunity to thank all of you who have given time and effort to maintain the halI and car park.	最后，我要借此机会感谢所有为维护哈利和停车场付出了时间和努力的人。	2
Finally Harry threw his hands up in defeat and said.	最后，哈利在失败中举手说。	2
Finally he listened to what Blaine was actually saying.	最后，他听了布莱恩所说的话。	0
Finally I came stumbling out of the hut and popped spilling the toxic shit everywhere!	最后，我从小屋里走出来，突然把有毒的垃圾洒在了所有地方！	2
Finally, I found the dignity to look at her and asked her again if she had any makeup to spare.	最后，我发现了看她的尊严，并再次问她是否有任何化妆要做。	2
Finally it clicked and I pointed at her.	最后，它发出了咔嗒声，我指着她。	0
Finally I understood, and was really able to find the forgiveness I had been hoping to find.	最后，我明白了，并且真的能够找到我一直希望得到的宽恕。	1
Finally, just when Gabriella thought she was either going to pull her hair out or wear a hole in the floor from her nervous pacing the, two attorneys shook hands and started to walk back in their direction.	最后，就在加布里埃拉以为她要把头发拉出来或在地上穿一个洞，因为她的紧张在那里，两位律师握手，开始朝他们的方向走。	2
Finally once you have your account set up and your username and password you will want to install a desktop client.	最后，一旦您设置了帐户以及用户名和密码，您将需要安装桌面客户端。	1
Finally she could no longer ignore the throbbing pain in her muscles.	最后，她再也不能忽视肌肉中的痛。	2
Finally, she found them: two infants not even old enough to walk, wrapped snugly together into a single contraption of leather and wood.	最后，她找到了他们：两个婴儿甚至还不够大，不能走路，把它们紧密地包裹在一起，形成了一种皮革和木材的禁忌。	2
Finally, the ANC would like to condemn in the harshest terms, the role that some members of the media in conjunction with the opposition are playing, in trying to deviate the attention of the public from matters of national importance.	最后，非洲人国民大会要最严厉地谴责一些媒体成员与反对派一起在试图使公众的注意力偏离国家重要事项方面所起的作用。	1
Finally, the paper includes a model proposed order you can use in court to change the guardianship order to clarify that the person under guardianship should have the right to vote.	最后，该文件包括一个示范命令，你可以在法庭上使用该命令来更改监护令，以澄清受监护者应享有投票权。	0
Finally, the project pom file contains all required dependencies and configurations to get started with our Pizza Shop project.	最后，项目 pom 文件包含开始我们的 Pizza Shop 项目所需的所有依赖项和配置。	1
Finally though the other man shakes himself out of the trance, the blush brighter than from earlier as he attempts to clear his voice from cracking.	最后，虽然另一个男人在这种情况下自动摇，但当他试图让自己的声音摆脱裂痕时，这种声音比以前更加明亮。	2
Finally, we can multiply length by area using the apply operator to compute the volume of each 3-cell, then sum those up with the unify operator.	最后，我们可以使用 Apply 运算符将长度乘以面积，计算每个 3 芯电池的体积，然后用 Unify 运算符对其求和。	1
Finally you want to have the certainty that a frame marked in MI actually contains the picture shown.	最后，您希望确定以 MI 标记的框架实际上包含所示的图片。	2
Final Thoughts on Marketing Segmentation The concept of market segmentation is sound.	市场细分的最后想法市场细分的概念是合理的。	2
Finance packages are also available, please ask our Sales Team for more details.	财务套件也可用，请咨询我们的销售团队以了解更多详细信息。	0
Financial Aid Options In 2006, the federal government enacted new legislation that enables students enrolled in online degree programs to become eligible for federal financial aid programs.	金融援助选项 2006 年，联邦政府颁布了新的立法，使注册在线学位课程的学生有资格参加联邦金融援助方案。	0
Financial Planning is one of the key elements of financial management.	财务规划是财务管理的关键要素之一。	0
Financial support for the Division comes from Student Government funds.	该司的财政支助来自学生政府基金。	0
Find a good fitness center now and become their member right away to keep yourself healthy and shape your body.	现在就找一家好的健身中心，马上成为会员，保持自己的健康并塑造自己的身体。	1
Find a local dealer our directory includes local car dealers across the region. pare suzuki car insurance quotes and use our special star rating to get the baleno.	查找当地经销商我们的目录包括该地区的当地汽车经销商。 PARE 铃木汽车保险公司引用并使用我们的特殊星级评级来获得 Baleno 。	1
Find a place to be a regular for Sunday brunch.	寻找一个经常吃周日早午餐的地方。	0
Find below a list of landscapers in Kampala.	下面是坎帕拉的风景名册。	0
Find or propose human resources jobs in Christchurch.	在克赖斯特彻奇寻找或推荐人力资源工作。	0
Find out about easy, fun ways to be active near where you live and work.	了解在您的生活和工作场所附近开展活动的简单，有趣的方式。	1
Find out more about the Custom Donut Boxes here .	在此处了解有关 Custom Donut Box 的更多信息。	0
Find out what the speakers would cost new.	了解新扬声器的成本。	2
Find out which will make them want to read your project.	了解是什么让他们想要阅读您的项目。	2
Find out why Christina is enjoying her studies so much, and why she feels that working with cancer patients is such a rewarding career.	了解为什么克里斯蒂娜非常喜欢她的学习，以及为什么她认为与癌症患者合作是一个如此有益的职业。	1
Find out your Fortune ...The love calculator uses a secret formula developed long time ago by ancient egyptians.	了解您的财富 ... 爱情计算器使用了一个很久以前由古埃及人开发的秘密公式。	0
Find quick answers, helpful insights, or simply a good overview for every book of the Bible in Adventuring Through the Bible.	在《圣经》中寻找快速的答案，有用的见解或简单的概述每本《圣经》的书。	2
Find something else to get the Hillerites to OPPOSE.	找别的地方让希尔斯人反对。	2
Find technically advanced users or resources that will teach you how to effectively handle all of these emerging technologies like a pro.	寻找技术先进的用户或资源，教您如何像专业人士一样有效地处理所有这些新兴技术。	0
Find that nobody will go with you to the zoo or aquarium unless you leave your camera at home?	发现除非你把相机留在家里，否则没有人会带你去动物园或水族馆？	0
Find where Angelique de Bruijne is credited alongside another name.	查找 Angelique de Bruijne 与另一个名字的积分。	2
Find Your Next Apartment in Seattle Click on the Home / Search Seattle Apartments button to get started.	在西雅图找到您的下一个公寓单击 Home / Search Seattle Apartments 按钮开始。	0
Fine Arts A low, rolling platform on which a section of a set may be mounted to expedite scene changes.	美术是一种低滚动平台，可在其中安装一组，以加快场景变化。	2
Fingers worked tirelessly in the confined space afforded to her and the scent of their combined arousal permeated the air.	手指在她所处的狭小空间里不知疲倦地工作，他们的组合式声音的香味弥漫在空气中。	1
Finishing fourth on Saturday was former US Senator Rick Santorum, with businessman Herman Cain in fifth ahead of Perry.	周六，美国前参议员里克 · 桑托里姆（ Rick Santorum ）获得第四名，商人赫尔曼 · 凯恩（ Herman Cain ）排在佩里（ Perry ）的第五位。	2
Finn turned around and glared right back at Sebastian.	Finn 转身，在塞巴斯蒂安（ Sebastian ）右拐。	2
Fire Lake Grill customers may choose to dine inside the restaurant which has huge bay windows for unhindered view of Taal Volcano and Taal Lake.	火湖烧烤店（ Fire Lake Grill ）的客人可以选择在餐厅内用餐，餐厅内有巨大的海湾窗户，可以欣赏塔尔火山和塔尔湖的美景。	0
First is a skein of Blue Moon Fiber Arts Socks that Rock Lightweight in Amber.	首先是蓝月亮纤维艺术袜的一个插片，该插片在琥珀色中呈轻量级摇滚。	2
First is the thromboembolic risk of discontinuing anticoagulation.	首先是血栓栓栓塞有停止抗凝的风险。	1
Firstly I generally liked your overall writting style, it fitted the piece by not being too trite or too serious.	首先，我普遍喜欢你的整体写法风格，它不是太轻或太严肃，而是适合你的作品。	2
Firstly, it is clear that the measurement of rules and regulations in this study is involved largely with discretion.	首先，很明显，本研究报告中的规则和条例的衡量在很大程度上是有酌处权的。	0
First of all, he is Armenian from Iraq and his parents decided to live in Armenia which speak volumes.	首先，他是来自伊拉克的亚美尼亚人，他的父母决定居住在讲大量话的亚美尼亚。	2
First of all let me just say that I know how painful it can be to loose someone you love, I have been there quite recently, its not funny.	首先，让我说我知道，让你爱的人松下来会是多么痛苦，我最近去过那里，并不有趣。	1
First off, it is NOT stealing if the democratic national committee rules state that the superdelegates are allowed to vote according to their desires.	首先，如果民主的全国委员会的规则规定允许超级代表根据自己的意愿投票，那就不是偷窃。	1
First, small doses of the matieral to be standardized are given the dogs and then larger doses until we find the dose that produce an effect.	首先，要标准化的小剂量给狗，然后给更大的剂量，直到我们找到产生影响的剂量。	1
First, we test whether the value portfolio stochastically dominates the corresponding growth portfolio.	首先，我们测试价值组合是否在结构上主导相应的增长组合。	2
Fitted with a kick start and drive coupling for use in the workshop.	配备踢脚启动和驱动联轴器，用于车间。	1
FIVE Bedrooms and FOUR Bathrooms make this home large enough for any family.	五间卧室和四间浴室使这家酒店足够大，适合任何家庭入住。	1
Five heritage listed buildings make up the Justice Precinct, with the collection housed in and around the Historic Park.	五座列入遗产名录的建筑组成了正义区，收藏在历史公园内和周围。	1
Five in all, they tend to encompass an interesting need for games that can be played quickly and with friends.	总之，它们往往包含对游戏的有趣需求，这些游戏可以与朋友一起快速玩。	1
Five Links Turning Point offers support and advice to anyone suffering from the effects of bullying in all its forms.	Five Links Turning Point 为所有形式的欺凌行为的受害者提供支持和建议。	0
Five Saints make the cut Champions Brighton and Southampton make up eight of the side on the PFA League One Team of the Year.	五个圣徒使布莱顿和南安普敦的冠军在今年的 PFA 联赛一队中构成了八个球队。	2
Five Views on Biblical Inerrancy represents a timely contribution by showcasing the spectrum of evangelical positions on inerrancy, facilitating understanding of these perspectives, particularly where and why they diverge.	五种关于圣经错误的观点是一种及时的贡献，它展示了关于错误的各种福音立场，促进了对这些观点的理解，特别是它们在哪里和为什么会有分歧。	1
Fixing him a plate of American food that Mama had been trying out, she told him to 'dig in'.	她给他拿了一盘妈妈一直在尝试的美国食物，让他“吃”。	0
Flexibility is important as it alleviates stiffness, prevents injuries and also maintains a good range of motion in the joints.	灵活性非常重要，因为它可以减轻刚度，防止受伤，并在接头中保持良好的运动范围。	1
Flights will take place in Burns Flat, Oklahoma and the price includes a four day experience of training and flight readiness.	航班将在俄克拉荷马州伯恩斯公寓（ Burns Flat ）进行，价格包括四天的培训体验和航班准备。	2
Fling is satisfying to manipulate until lottery prepare the problem and cancel some outweighs.	在彩票准备好问题并取消一些优于此的问题之前， fling 很满足于操纵。	2
Flood wardens are provided with an information pack written by the Environment Agency.	洪水督导员得到了环境署编写的资料包。	1
Flowers Direct from Flowers Direct A simple and contemporary tied sheaf of Lilies and foliages.	鲜花直接从鲜花中直接引导着简单而现代的百合和去角质的护套。	2
Flowers for Hogwarts shows us Hogwarts during the Marauder era through the eyes of four girls who only have one thing in common; their all named after a flower.	霍格沃茨的花通过四个女孩的眼睛向我们展示了马劳德时代的霍格沃茨，她们只有一件事是共同的；她们都以一朵花命名。	0
Fluid and electrolytes loss and replacement in exercise.	液体和电解液损失和更换在使用中。	2
Focus on issues of degrees of freedom brieﬂy.	简要地关注自由程度问题。	0
Focus on stabilizing your body to keep from swinging.	专注于稳定身体，防止摇摆。	0
Follow Along Stay in the Know Sign up for email updates and exclusives to be in the know as Grande Dunes continues to grow.	继续关注 " 了解注册 " ，获取电子邮件更新和独家信息，了解 " 大沙丘 " 的持续发展。	1
Following is the indoor gondola ride in phoenix of two biggest explosions of iceland.	接下来是在凤凰城乘坐室内缆车，体验冰岛两大爆炸。	2
Following some feedback I decided to add keypad support to the Add screen so that glucose readings and insulin doses can be added without using the sliders.	根据一些反馈，我决定在添加屏幕上添加键盘支持，以便无需使用滑块即可添加葡萄糖读数和胰岛素剂量。	0
Following some overseas travel I completed a Masters of Museum and Heritage Studies at Victoria University in 2005.	在海外旅行之后，我于 2005 年在维多利亚大学完成了博物馆和遗产研究硕士课程。	0
Following that first call, dependant on your commitments a senior manager can be in place and delivering within a week.	在第一次通话后，根据您的承诺，一位高级经理可以在一周内到位并完成工作。	1
Following the closure of the Maghtab dump in 2004, a programme to control fugitive emissions of landfill gas and combustion gases started to be implemented with the assistance of EU Structural Funds.	在 2004 年马格里布垃圾场关闭之后，在欧盟结构基金的协助下，开始实施一项控制垃圾填埋气和燃烧气体的散逸性排放的方案。	0
Follow Jolle on Twitter or sent him a personal message.	在 Twitter 上关注 Jolle 或向他发送个人信息。	0
Follow these steps to add a change event handler on the List control that will display the image whenever the user selects an item.	按照以下步骤操作，在列表控件上添加更改事件处理程序，每当用户选择一个项目时，该处理程序将显示图像。	0
Follow up letters are good too and very likely to get the right result but of course they are slower than the phone calls.	跟进信也很好，很可能得到正确的结果，但当然，它们比电话要慢。	1
Folsom Tavern Exeter was the capital of New Hampshire when Colonel Samuel Folsom built this tavern.	当塞缪尔 · 福尔索姆上校建造这家酒馆时，福尔索姆酒馆（ Folsom Tavern Exeter ）是新罕布什尔州（ New Hampshire ）的首府。	1
Food has won several national awards and parking is free.	食品已赢得多项国家奖项，停车免费。	1
Food I've always wanted to give a go at their Armageddon flavored Buffalo Wings.	我一直想在他们的阿玛迪登风味的布法罗鸡翅餐厅品尝美食。	1
For a beginning, we would like to offer you five courses, lectures and trips in English, that will give you an insight into Bonn and could serve as a meeting point with other Expats.	首先，我们将为您提供五门英语课程，讲座和旅行，让您深入了解波恩，并可作为与其他外籍人士的会面地点。	1
For a brief moment I am aware that I should probably be doing something to cool the situation.	我意识到，我应该做一些事情来冷静一下。	0
For a change it was videoed mainly from the back of the ride, which gives an impression of fewer riders than there really were.	为了改变这种情况，主要是从骑行后部拍摄的视频，这给人的印象是骑手比骑手少得多。	2
For a child that has no relation to you in any way.	对于与您没有任何关系的孩子。	0
For all of ten seconds, it felt like the world had stopped turning and that years were passing by.	十秒钟以来，世界就已经停止了，多年也在过去。	2
For anyone interested in continuing and extending the ideas and practical applications found in the Scientology philosophy there remains two fundamental approaches: Rationalism or Revelation.	对于任何有兴趣继续和推广科学论派哲学中的思想和实际应用的人来说，仍然有两种基本方法：理性或创新。	1
For areas lacking electricity and abundant sources of fresh water, processing can be abridged to include just the lagoon rotting and sun drying, with final processing at an urban center.	对于缺乏电力和大量淡水资源的地区，可以将加工减少到仅包括泻湖腐烂和晒干，最后加工在城市中心。	2
For a situation in which cable is installed in metallic duct at its entry into a building, such duct must extend through the building wall.	如果电缆在其进入建筑物的入口安装在金属管道中，则此类管道必须穿过建筑墙壁。	1
For atheists, human beings exist for themselves and cooperate with each other for their well being.	对无神论者来说，人类是为自己而存在的，为了他们的福祉而相互合作。	1
For a while, I seemed to think that the more French language books I bought, the easier the learning would become.	有一段时间，我似乎认为，我购买的法文书越多，学习就越容易。	0
For a while we stood around scratching our heads trying to figure out what had happened.	一段时间里，我们站在头上，试图弄清楚发生了什么。	2
For beginners in the world of work is a place for their promotion of their associations or companies.	对于工作领域的初学者来说，是他们促进其协会或公司的场所。	2
For better or worse, any loudmouth with a laptop can speak the truth or start a rumor that will tear down a person or product.	无论好坏，任何使用笔记本电脑的声音都可以说出事实，或开始谣言，从而使人或产品被撕裂。	2
For both of these reasons, the ideal position for sleeping while pregnant would be for the mother to lie on her side.	出于这两个原因，孕妇睡觉的理想位置是让母亲躺在她身边。	1
For casual dining, throw down some pillows and get pleasure from dining in the conventional Japanese type.	休闲餐饮，您可以放下一些枕头，在传统的日式餐厅中享受愉悦的用餐体验。	0
Ford freely employed company police, labour spies, and violence in a protracted effort to prevent unionization and continued to do so even after General Motors and Chrysler had come to terms with the United Automobile Workers.	福特自由雇用公司警察，劳工间谍和暴力，长期努力防止工会组织，甚至在通用汽车公司和克莱斯勒公司与联合汽车工人达成协议后，也继续这样做。	1
Foreign Currency Risk We have entered into arrangements to manage exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, for selected marketing programs.	外币风险我们已为选定的市场推广计划订立了管理外汇汇率波动风险的安排。	1
Forensic medical certificates that in many cases is the only and decisive technical proof that precipitated the accused.	法医证明，在许多情况下，这是诱发被告的唯一和决定性的技术证据。	1
Forensic tools are designed to capture the entire contents of a hard drive for evidentiary purposes (from the first bit at the first addressable location to the last bit at the last addressable location).	取证工具用于捕获硬盘的全部内容以供取证（从第一个可寻址位置的第一个位到最后一个可寻址位置的最后一个位）。	1
Forestièra Sauce - A French sauce containing sliced sautéed mushrooms added to a base made from demiglace flavored with sherry.	Forestièra 酱 - 一种法国酱，含有切好的蘑菇片，添加到一个用雪利酒调味的底座上。	2
For example, although Nationwide stored customer information on a computer network accessible to all employees and connected to the Internet, it failed to monitor the network for vulnerabilities that would expose customer information to attack.	例如，尽管 Nationwide 将客户信息存储在一个所有员工都可以访问并连接到 Internet 的计算机网络上，但它未能监视网络中是否存在将客户信息暴露在攻击中的漏洞。	0
For example a meeting like a food sales person or even minor category coach would not have to have a conventional match.	例如，像食品销售人员，甚至是次要类别的培训师这样的会议就不需要传统的匹配。	1
For example, contact details for allotment officers in boroughs with substantial numbers of vacant plots should be made available to people on waiting lists in other parts of London.	例如，在伦敦其他地方，有大量空置地块的地区分配官员的详细联系信息应提供给等候名单上的人。	0
For example, controls are applied where failure cannot be tolerated or where costs cannot exceed a certain amount.	例如，在无法容忍故障或成本不能超过一定金额的情况下，会实施控制。	1
For example, if you light someone on fire, they seek out and jump into a pool of water, where you can then electrocute them.	例如，如果你点燃某人的火，他们就会寻找并跳进一个水池，然后你就可以在那里用电把他们可爱起来。	2
For example, in terms of being able to go into a neighborhood like this and go onto a piece of property and being able to clean it out.	例如，能够进入这样的社区，进入一块财产，并能够清理它。	2
For example, Nrch may provide programs that make it easier to qualify for a mortgage or more flexible lending term.	例如， Nrch 可以提供一些方案，使其更容易获得抵押贷款或更灵活的贷款期限。	0
For example, radio is a primary means of communication within communities where English is not the language of choice.	例如，在英语不是首选语言的社区中，无线电是主要的通信手段。	1
For example, selling a product that directly relates to a serious medical condition is not something that you would discuss openly to a customer on Facebook.	例如，销售与严重医疗状况直接相关的产品不是您在 Facebook 上公开讨论的问题。	0
For example, sources on the ground in Biloxi advise that communication with all points west of Gulfport have been nonexistent.	例如， Biloxi 的地面消息来源说，与 Gulfport 以西所有地点的通信都不存在。	0
For example, the people from Immigration who dealt with refugees abroad were brought into the department.	例如，处理海外难民的移民人员被带到该部门。	2
For example, we give you the signature and return type (remember what that is?) of a method, and you write the code to fill in the body of that method.	例如，我们为您提供方法的签名和返回类型（请记住这是什么？），然后您编写代码以填充该方法的正文。	0
Forex Trading information signals and analysis is an inherently risky enterprise, so some research is required before opening a trading account and depositing, but the rewards and excitement are unmatched.	外汇交易信息信号和分析是一个固有的风险企业，因此在开立交易账户和存入账户之前需要进行一些研究，但回报和刺激是无与伦比的。	1
Forged a way for mere man to harness the powers of Mana and use them as spells.	为一个人利用马纳的权力并将其作为咒语而制造了一种方法。	2
Forging the link between macroeconomic policy instruments and the ultimate goal of development - poverty alleviation - requires the explicit articulation of the gender dimension of all economic activity in both the theory and application of macroeconomic development.	要在宏观经济政策手段和发展的最终目标 -- -- 减轻贫困 -- -- 之间建立联系，就必须在宏观经济发展的理论和应用中明确阐述所有经济活动的性别层面。	1
Forgive me if you already told us but I was curious; how old were you when you came to be adopted by your family?	请原谅我，如果你已经告诉我们，但我很好奇；当你被家人收养时，你有多大年龄？	1
For His Majesty can do nothing greater for us than grant us a life which is an imitation of that lived by His Beloved Son.	因为国王陛下对我们没有什么比给予我们一种生活更好的东西了，这种生活是对他亲爱的儿子生活的模仿。	2
For info on Child Sponsorship click here and fill out the form on that page.	有关儿童赞助的信息，请单击此处并填写该页面上的表格。	0
For instance, an offender who completed substance abuse treatment while incarcerated may be referred to relapse prevention in the community.	例如，在监禁期间完成药物滥用治疗的罪犯可被转介到社区预防复发。	1
For instance if you had one and told half the people here they would probably kill you for it.	例如，如果你有一个，告诉一半的人，他们可能会因为这个而杀死你。	2
For instance I personally think im a pretty good Perl programmer.	例如，我个人认为我是一个很好的 Perl 程序员。	0
For instance it is very difficult to flatten something that has become bowl shaped.	例如，很难平展成碗状的东西。	1
For instance, Marcus Garvey is on record as having shared a political platform with the then leader of the Irish republican movement Eamon De Valera.	例如，马库斯 · 加维与当时的爱尔兰共和国运动埃蒙 · 德瓦雷拉领导人分享了一个政治纲领，这是有记录的。	0
For instance mom and pop stores that do business only in their (small) town , especially if they are providing niche services, the search traffic for those can be very minimal and not really worth .	例如，只有在他们（小）的小镇上做生意的妈妈和流行商店，特别是如果他们提供利基服务，搜索那些人的流量可能非常小，而且不是很值得。	1
For instance, the great University of Salamanca has some of the best examples of Renaissance culture in Spain.	例如，伟大的萨拉曼卡大学在西班牙有一些文艺复兴文化的最佳范例。	1
For instance, the heiaus at PUHE are the primary attraction for visitors and they continue to degrade them by trespassing.	例如，在普埃河的市政厅是游客的主要吸引力，他们继续通过非法侵入使他们退化。	1
For just a split second he thought it was Peter.	他只想说是彼得。	1
For larger items we can arrange a courier to collect the product you wish to return.	对于较大的商品，我们可以安排快递公司收集您希望退回的商品。	1
For logistics purposes the use of the military happens sometimes and it can be a big issue.	出于后勤目的，有时会使用军队，这可能是一个大问题。	1
For lowest price best disguise inc disney aladdin jasmine role from items of are you looking for panel polyester sleeves rsaquo.	为了获得最低价格的最佳伪装，包括迪士尼阿拉丁茉莉扮演的角色，您在寻找面板聚酯袖套筒时，会看到这些角色。	2
Formal Wear Formal wear is often required as many cruise lines have formal dinners at night that have dress codes.	由于许多游轮线路在夜间有着装要求的正式晚餐，因此通常需要正式的穿正式的衣服。	2
For many years Crane Binder Technologies has provided high end planning binders to heavy industry and governments.	多年来， Crane Binder Technologies 一直为重工业和政府提供高端规划信息。	0
For me Classic Shell is far better than the original Start Menu.	对我来说，经典 Shell 比原始的开始菜单好得多。	2
Formed in 1987, the CRS' mission is to enhance and coordinate reproductive research, promote the application of new research to clinical practice and optimize the training of future reproductive scientists.	天主教救济会成立于 1987 年，其使命是加强和协调生殖研究，促进将新研究应用于临床实践，并优化对未来生殖科学家的培训。	0
For me I think the one thing that has helped shape who I am today is the supportfulness of all the people around me.	对我来说，我认为帮助塑造我今天的一件事是我周围所有人的支持。	2
For me, on my ST, I've found that I must slide my butt back and lean my upper body forward and to the inside.	对我来说，在我的 ST 上，我发现我必须向后滑动我的臀部，将我的上半身向前和向内倾斜。	1
Former participants inside the organization or elsewhere are a good source of information about programme quality.	组织内部或其他地方的前参与者是有关方案质量的良好信息来源。	2
For me the little services that go along with the product are very important.	对我来说，产品附带的小服务非常重要。	2
For more info on the registration process click here.	有关注册流程的更多信息，请单击此处。	0
For more information about the Web Server Security Package and other embedded network security products, please visit our product page.	有关 Web 服务器安全软件包和其他嵌入式网络安全产品的详细信息，请访问我们的产品页面。	0
For more information and directions on this property and other surrounding properties for sale give the listing agent a call.	有关该物业及其它周边待售物业的更多资料及指引，请致电上市代理。	1
For more info, you can read the Display Options user guide here.	有关详细信息，请参阅此处的“ Display Options （显示选项）”用户指南。	0
For more than a decade, Larry Holland and the team of developers at Totally Games have consistently released acclaimed simulations.	十多年来， Larry Holland 和 Totally Games 的开发人员团队一直在发布广受赞誉的模拟。	1
For more tips on staying mildew free see our previous post: How to Use a Shower Curtain with Liner.	有关保持无霉菌状态的更多提示，请参阅我们之前的文章：如何使用带内衬的浴帘。	1
For most accountants, tax work is only a small portion of their work and a larger portion of their expense.	对大多数会计师来说，税务工作只是他们工作的一小部分，而费用的一大部分。	1
For my money, I'd rather deal with forcing the MINOR intrusion before a drunk driver kills someone.	就我的钱而言，我宁愿在一个醉酒的司机杀死某人之前强制进行轻微的入侵。	2
For my purpose the saw has been excellent.	就我的目的而言，这款锯非常出色。	1
For now helium clouds bump the cerulean sky, a stylus etching pleasure on my soul.	因为现在，氦云冲击着巨大的天空，这是一个触控笔，让我的灵魂充满快乐。	2
For one thing the military is hardly in it.	有一件事，军队几乎不在其中。	2
For problem #3 I'm not sure if it will affect the duration but do we use all the same bitrate to rip the songs?	对于问题 #3 ，我不确定它是否会影响持续时间，但我们是否使用所有相同的比特率来翻录歌曲？	0
For professionals responsible for talent management and development, assessing competence and capability is crucial, especially in relation to recruiting the right leader.	对于负责人才管理和发展的专业人员而言，评估能力和能力至关重要，特别是在招聘合适的领导者方面。	1
For query workloads with a response time of more than one minute, there is no measurable difference when this field is set to a higher value.	对于响应时间超过一分钟的查询工作负荷，当此字段设置为较高值时，没有可测量的差异。	1
For short periods of time, one can use plastic but be sure that air can circulate by placing several small holes in the bag and closing it with a loose knot.	在短时间内，可以使用塑料，但要确保空气可以循环，方法是在袋中放置几个小孔，并用松散的结将其关闭。	2
For skimmed milk has all the nourishing elements of whole milk except that perhaps half the fuel for heat has been removed in the cream.	因为脱脂牛奶具有全脂牛奶的所有滋养成分，但可能一半的加热燃料已经在奶油中去除。	2
For smaller kids, use a couple of small scrap pieces of foam to glue the hearts to since white glue does not dry as quickly as hot glue.	对于小孩子，使用几块小的泡沫塑料将心脏粘结，因为白胶不会像热胶一样快速干燥。	2
For some time, his health had been poor and he was very despondent as he was almost destitute.	一段时间以来，他的健康状况一直很差，他非常沮丧，因为他几乎是赤贫的。	1
For strict HART timing according to the protocol spec, this should be set to 0.	对于符合协议规范的严格 HART 计时，应将其设置为 0 。	0
For that reason I note my support for the bill and will fight tooth and nail to ensure that it is implemented.	因此，我注意到我支持这项法案，并将与牙齿和钉子作斗争，以确保法案得到执行。	2
For that reason, the pain and suffering of trauma burns and eczema are counted among the most common pediatric skin conditions in the United States.	因此，创伤烧伤和湿疹的疼痛和痛苦被视为美国最常见的儿科皮肤状况。	1
For that reason there is a need to get yourself interacted with these professionals.	因此，有必要让自己与这些专业人士互动。	0
For that to work it is not only important to have a strong team event captain but to also help and control each other.	为了实现这一目的，拥有强大的团队活动队长不仅非常重要，而且还必须相互帮助和控制。	1
For the album we all really put our heads in together and wrote everything as a group.	对于这张专辑，我们都把头放在一起，把所有的东西都写成一个小组。	2
For the board, the request of appellant II for referral of its question does not meet these conditions for the following reasons.	就委员会而言，上诉人二提交其问题的请求不符合这些条件，原因如下。	0
For the intention to be right in an action reason needs to be correct and the desire has to be in accordance with right reason.	为了使行动的意图正确，理由必须正确，愿望必须符合正确的理由。	1
For the lowest price From an Integrative Pharmacist Online Meds Viagra Male Sexual Dysfunction.	从综合药剂师在线药品迷雅男性性功能障碍中获得最低价格。	2
For the message to be of lasting effect, it needed to be passed on by words either verbally or in writing.	要使信息具有持久的效果，就需要用口头或书面的语言传达。	0
For the minority who can wear it comfortably, however it is well designed to give pleasure to both wearer and their partner.	对于能够舒适佩戴的少数人来说，它设计精良，可为佩戴者及其伴侣带来快乐。	1
For the most part she was asking simple getting to know you questions along with questions that potential employers might be interested in knowing about me.	在大多数情况下，她只是简单地向您询问一些问题，以及潜在雇主可能有兴趣了解我的问题。	0
For the next month, Robinson led the floor fight in the bitter battle over the Roosevelt proposal in the hot Senate chamber.	下个月，鲁宾逊在参议院热议院就罗斯福提案展开的激烈斗争中领导了竞选。	2
For the past couple of months she had been trying to remember her past life, on her own, but she was having trouble.	在过去的几个月里，她一直在努力记住自己过去的生活，但她遇到了麻烦。	1
For the people who still have doubts regarding Hinduism, I would suggest that you start with this section in the appendix.	对那些对印度教仍有怀疑的人，我建议你从附录中的这一节开始。	1
For the record, I was not invited to give my two cents worth in a debate or interview.	为了记录在案，我没有被邀请在一次辩论或访谈中给我两分钱。	1
For the record, your student loans will usually show on your credit report even while you are still in college and still technically in deferment.	在记录中，即使您仍在大学且在技术上仍处于延期状态，您的学生贷款通常也会显示在您的信用报告中。	1
For the remainder (45%), their first appointment under the PSEA was to an indeterminate position.	其余的人（ 45% ）在《社会服务就业法》下的第一次任命是不确定的。	2
For the second computation only the income and tax payable of the spouse who received the lump sum payment will be taken into account.	在第二个计算中，只考虑领取一次性付款的配偶的收入和应缴税款。	1
For these five statements, the graph shows that the higher the age group, the lower the probability of users agreeing with the statement.	对于这五个语句，图形显示年龄组越高，用户同意该语句的概率就越低。	0
For these programs using this module and library is not necessary, network safety can be ensured by disabling connect completely or restricting to only allow creating connections targeted to the Domain Name Server.	对于这些使用此模块和库的程序，可以通过完全禁用连接或限制为仅允许创建指向域名服务器的连接来确保网络安全。	1
For these reasons, they are a primary concern of scholars in the realist tradition who view power and the search for security to be the central features of international relations.	出于这些原因，它们是反制传统学者的主要关切，他们认为权力和寻求安全是国际关系的核心特征。	1
For the staff clients who will be browsing over these selected accommodations, it is then essential that the prices and rooms of the flats or houses are noted properly based on their needs.	对于浏览这些选定住宿地点的工作人员客户来说，必须根据他们的需要适当注明这些公寓或住房的价格和房间。	1
For the young at heart escape to the edge, get your adrenalin going with some outdoor activities and immerse yourself in the rich evening festival scene.	对于心脏年轻的人来说，远离边缘地带，您可以在户外活动中尽情享受肾上腺素，沉浸在丰富多彩的晚间节日中。	2
For this purpose the online editors will follow the instructions of the chief editors of the affected companies of Verlagsgruppe Milchstraße.	为此，在线编辑将遵循 Verlagsgruppe Milchstraße á n 受影响公司的总编辑的指示。	1
For this reason, millions of dollars and thousands of hours of training time are aimed at helping pilots establish disciplined, rational and logical thought processes for when the pucker factor rises.	因此，数百万美元和数千小时的培训时间旨在帮助飞行员在松子因素上升时建立纪律，理性和逻辑的思维过程。	2
For this reason, we decided against estimating allocative efficiency in input use and concentrated on measuring and analysing technical efficiency in this study.	因此，我们决定不估算投入使用中的分配效率，而是集中于衡量和分析这项研究中的技术效率。	0
For this reason we have listed below a series of fleet managers considerations to help our technical and commercial personnel advise clients on the compatibility of tyre sizes.	因此，我们在下面列出了一系列车队经理注意事项，以帮助我们的技术和商业人员就轮胎尺寸的兼容性向客户提供建议。	0
For this third and younger uncle she grasped at the highest post in the state save the crown itself.	对于这位第三位也是年轻的叔叔，她抓住了国家最高的位置，拯救了王冠。	2
For this we have both stick and carrot.	我们有棍子和胡萝卜。	1
For those interested in exploring we offer bicycles and electrical scooters.	对于有兴趣探索的游客，我们提供自行车和电动踏板车。	0
For those who cannot afford to pay for health insurance, their future is bleak.	对那些无力支付医疗保险的人来说，他们的未来是暗淡的。	1
For those who have not been monitoring the NFIP, it has now been renewed on a short term basis on four separate occasions this year.	对于那些尚未监测国家粮食计划的国家，今年已在四个不同的场合对其进行了短期更新。	1
For those who own coins which are rare or high in value, chances are their value will improve with time, and so it truly is crucial to take correct care of them.	对于那些拥有稀有或高价值硬币的人来说，他们的价值将随着时间的推移而提高，因此正确地照顾他们是至关重要的。	1
For those with a seasick problem it would have been nicer to have people surface in pairs or something.	对于那些有季节性问题的人来说，最好是两人一组或一些东西。	2
Fortunately, being bathed in the light of the full moon on top of the biggest building in Republic City has its advantages- what could possibly go wrong?	幸运的是，在共和国城最大的建筑上沐浴在满月中有其优势——什么可能出错？	2
Fortunately, state funding and increasing caution on the part of judges and prosecutors are fast reducing this issue.	幸运的是，国家供资以及法官和检察官日益谨慎的态度正在迅速减少这一问题。	0
For two years, I did everything in my power to create a warm and loving home for my family.	两年来，我尽一切力量为我的家庭创造了温暖而充满爱的家。	1
Forum Not sure what digital video recorder to buy?	Forum 不确定要购买哪款数字录像机？	1
Forum Whats the best Cpu i can use?	论坛我可以使用哪些最佳 CPU ？	2
For what did Antonio care for those little brats or their pathetic mothers?	Antonio 关心这些小帽子或可怜的母亲是什么？	2
For without and affirmation of pluralism there is no way to give any deeper account of place since place is, in the view of this thesis, grounded in pluralism.	因为没有和肯定多元主义，就不可能更深入地说明位置，因为在这篇论文中，地方是以多元主义为基础的。	1
For writing a book in Spanish what website can I visit for grammar and spelling rules in Spain?	在西班牙编写一本西班牙文书籍时，我可以访问哪些网站了解语法和拼写规则？	1
For years I've simply set up strobes to make sure my subject was evenly lit.	多年来，我只是设置了单管，以确保我的受试者均匀地发光。	2
For your love is like a morning cloud, and like the dew which goes early away.	因为你的爱就像早晨的云，就像早发的露水。	2
For youth, discussion would focus on how to respond in difficult situations with the intent of helping teens develop effective coping strategies.	对青年来说，讨论的重点是如何在困难情况下作出反应，以帮助青少年制定有效的应对战略。	0
Foul weather entrance to the engine room is located on the forward portside.	发动机室的恶劣天气入口位于前方的入口。	2
Four of them belong to the topo guide to the Community of Communes du Pays de Courpière, sales to Home Lake or the Tourist Office Courpière.	其中四人属于 Courpière 社区的拓扑指南，出售给 Home Lake 或旅游局 Courpière 。	2
Four separate stories tie together for the gripping finale.	四个不同的故事结合在一起，为最后的最后一场比赛提供了精彩的体验。	2
Fox is working to help Iraqi girls at a Catholic orphanage in Baghdad.	福克斯正在帮助巴格达一个天主教孤儿院的伊拉克女童。	0
Frances Smily Lingerie is number one is romance.	弗朗西斯 · 灵内丽是最浪漫的。	1
Francine Stock talks to director Francois Ozon about his new film In the House.	弗朗辛 · 奥通（ Francine Stock ）向导演弗朗索瓦 · 奥兹恩（ Francois Ozon ）介绍了他在众议院拍摄的新电影。	1
Franciscan Sisters serving in the parish arranged that the musicians and singers enjoy pizza before returning to the Motherhouse for other weekend retreat action.	在教区服务的弗朗西斯卡修女会安排音乐家和歌手在回到母亲院进行其他周末务虚会之前享用披萨。	1
Frank and Frank bigfoot part ways and Frank heads to anywhere but here.	弗兰克和弗兰克 · 比格英尺的部分路线和弗兰克的方向都不在这里。	2
Frankie is one the best, most well rounded and smartest characters I've ever had the pleasure to read about.	Frankie 是我有幸读到过的最好，最圆润，最聪明的人物之一。	0
Frankish fiscal law The Frankish fiscal system reflected the evolution of the economy.	弗兰克财政法弗兰克财政制度反映了经济的演变。	2
Frankly I myself curse a lot from time to time.	坦率地说，我自己不时地诅咒很多东西。	0
Fred and George looked ecstatic like they were about to shoot through the roof with excitement.	弗雷德和乔治看起来很激动，就像他们准备在屋顶上开枪一样。	0
Free camp outs are available if you know where to ask.	如果您知道去哪里，可以免费露营。	1
Free chating whenever tell her how much she means to you.	每当告诉她她她对你的意义时，她就会自由地唱着。	2
Free dating websites are awesome that way, its nice to get to know someone a bit before actually having to take them out.	免费的约会网站是如此的棒，在实际需要把他人带走之前先了解他人是一种很好的方式。	1
Free Online Games Review Collection of more then 400 resign top games with reviews and screenshots.	免费在线游戏评论集包含 400 多个排名靠前的游戏，并提供评论和屏幕截图。	1
Frequently asked questions Do you offer free samples of your cigarettes?	常见问题您是否提供免费香烟样本？	1
Frequently they are also leaning on something or drinking tea.	他们还经常倾向于吃点东西或喝茶。	1
Freshers and Culture Shock Freshers entering a call center usually have little or no experience dealing with members of the opposite sex outside of family settings.	进入呼叫中心的新生和文化休克新生通常很少或根本没有在家庭环境之外与异性成员打交道的经验。	2
Friendly talks cannot make a solution to perplexity.	友好会谈不能解决不礼貌的问题。	2
Frodo ran one hand distractedly through his curls.	弗罗多用一只手通过他的诅咒跑过。	2
From all he would have expected from the imminent scientist, that sudden burst of joy was the very last thing he had in mind.	从他对即将到来的科学家所期待的一切中，突然爆发的喜悦是他所想到的最后一件事。	1
From an HR point of view, the social web is not only useful for recruitment but also as a knowledge network.	从人力资源的角度来看，社交网络不仅对招聘有用，而且也是一个知识网络。	1
From a social standpoint uniforms can be a positive social equalizer within the school community.	从社会角度看，校服可以成为学校社区内的积极社会平衡。	2
From Backways there is a gentle ascent of the valley followed by gentle descent into Trebarwith valley with nice views up the valley, to the valley floor.	从后道可以看到山谷的平缓的上坡，然后慢慢地下行至特雷巴兰河谷，可以看到山谷和山谷的美丽景色。	0
From dance to rap to all the shades of rock, the festival has proved each year to be full of surprises.	从舞蹈到说唱到所有的岩石阴影，每年的节日都充满了惊喜。	2
From Hope Farm Press &amp; Bookshop WAJ Central School Jewett is in the Catskill Range between Hunter Mountain and Cave Mountain aka Windham Mountain.	来自 Hope Farm Press &amp; Bookshop 的 Waj Central School Jewett 位于猎人山和 Cave 山（又称 Windham 山）之间的 Catskill 范围内。	0
From large events to personalized wedding charters, we will supply the personnel and vehicles to meet your needs.	从大型活动到个性化婚礼包租，我们将为您提供人员和车辆以满足您的需求。	0
From living standards to education, the CIW is designed to paint a more comprehensive and bigger picture of life in Canada.	从生活水平到教育， CIW 旨在更全面，更全面地描绘加拿大的生活。	1
From my experience I have seen a very high percentage of people discard a PC with their data still intact on the hard drive.	根据我的经验，我看到有很高比例的人丢弃了一台 PC ，而他们的数据仍保留在硬盘上。	1
From now on the University would be open to all those who subscribed to these aims.	从现在起，该大学将向所有赞同这些目标的人开放。	1
From Pat Boone to the Hyatt to Miss America to Auto World, no one could save Flint from its demise.	从 Pat Boone 到凯悦，再到美国小姐再到汽车世界，没有人能拯救弗林特的灭亡。	1
From the clothing that he could see on the child, they were thin as his shirt that he wore under his robes.	从他在孩子身上看到的衣服上看，他们像他穿的衬衫一样薄，他穿的是他的浴袍。	1
From the first day we are told in words we can handle what has come to be prized as the foundation of community and culture.	从第一天起，我们就可以用语言来表达我们对作为社区和文化基础而受到重视的事情。	1
From the getgo I loved the reminder that no matter his outward appearance, Zelgadis is still in fact a man in there.	从那张假象开始，我就很喜欢这种提醒，不管他的外貌如何，塞尔加多斯实际上仍然是一个男人。	2
From the hit tv show Sanford and Son this shirt is a sweet mixture of champagne and ripple we call it Champipple.	从电视节目《桑福德和儿子》中可以看出，这款球衣是香槟和纹波的甜蜜混合体，我们称之为香波。	2
From their instruction I not only learned how important timing is, but how to prepare months in advance to actually meet the deadlines.	根据他们的指示，我不仅学到了时间的重要性，而且还学会了如何提前几个月准备好实际遵守最后期限。	0
From the lodge, you can enjoy the fishing in the Rangitaiki and the Whirinaki Rivers which run through the surrounding mountains of Urewera National Park.	从旅馆，您可以在 Rangitaiki 和怀林纳基河（ Whirinaki Rivers ）钓鱼，这两条河穿过周围的乌雷韦拉国家公园（ Urewera National Park ）山脉。	1
From the moment I first saw you, all drunk in that sexy hot red dress even though I had to hold your head up while you puked.	从我第一次见到你的那一刻起，所有的人都穿着那种性感的红衣，尽管我在你吐气的时候不得不抬头。	1
From the moment she walked down those stairs she lit up the room like none other could.	从她走下楼梯的那一刻起，她就像其他人所不能做的那样照亮了房间。	2
From then on, I have tried a variety of things in the small garden space adjacent to my house.	从那时起，我在我家附近的小花园里尝试了各种各样的东西。	0
From then on things had gone rockily better.	从那时起，事情变得非常好。	0
From the numerous brands listed above, you have to be careful when finalizing the best waterproof mascara.	从上面列出的众多品牌中，您在最终确定最佳防水卡马时必须小心。	1
From the NYTimes here: Powerful explosions shook central Oslo on Friday afternoon, blowing out the windows of several government buildings, including one housing the office of the Norwegian prime minister.	从纽约时代开始：周五下午，巨大的爆炸震撼了奥斯陆中部，吹出了几座政府大楼的窗户，其中一座是挪威总理办公室的房。	2
From these findings a principle of uncertainty for information seeking emerged that states that information commonly increases uncertainty in the early stages of the search process.	从这些调查结果中，出现了信息查询不确定的原则，即信息通常会在搜索过程的早期阶段增加不确定性。	0
From the site: More than 71 million individuals in the United States are admitted to hospitals each year, according to the latest survey from the American Hospital Association.	网站：根据美国医院协会的最新调查，美国每年有 7 100 多万人被送进医院。	0
From this date Thailand eliminated tariffs on all Australian passenger motor vehicles with an engine capacity of more 19 than three litres and all goods vehicles.	从该日起，泰国取消了对所有发动机容量超过 19 升以上的澳大利亚客车和所有货车的关税。	0
From this place you can have an unproblematic access to food markets, banks, money exchange or bakeries.	从这里，您可以轻松前往食品市场，银行，货币兑换处或面包房。	2
From various papers in literature it can be understood that the linkage or spillover effect of foreign firms upstream, downstream and in the same industry can be different depending on various conditions.	从文献中的各种文件可以理解，外国公司在上游，下游和同一行业的联系或溢出效应可能因不同的条件而有所不同。	1
From what I remember from uni we were taught that normalisation is a must.	从我记忆中，我们被教导正常化是必须的。	1
From where did he conjure up the inner strength to remain serene in the presence of such tragedy?	在这场悲剧面前，他从哪里增强内心的力量以保持平静？	1
FRS 29 applies only to entities applying FRS 26 the scope of that standard covers listed entities and entities that use the fair value accounting rules of the Companies Act 1985 to produce their financial statements.	FRS 29 仅适用于适用 FRS 26 的实体–该标准的范围涵盖使用 1985 年公司法的公允价值会计规则编制其财务报表的上市实体和实体。	1
Fruit and Milk Half way through the morning session we meet together on the carpet for milk and fruit.	在上午的半个环节中，我们在牛奶和水果的地毯上聚集在一起。	2
Fruit such as apples and cherries will also be commonly grown in areas that can have very large diﬀerences in weather patterns within a few miles.	苹果和樱桃等水果通常也会在几英里内天气模式差异很大的地区种植。	0
Frustration is spreading as fast as the flu.	沮丧情绪的传播速度与流感一样快。	0
F -stops is the part of a lens that dictates how much light is let through to the sensor.	F - 挡块是镜头的一部分，它决定了传感器所能得到的光线。	0
FTP can also be used directly by other applications to move files from one place to another.	其他应用程序也可以直接使用 FTP 将文件从一个位置移动到另一个位置。	0
Fugaku was fuming and was about to yell at his daughter when one of the council members stood up.	当一名安理会成员站起来时，法古库正在怒气熏天，并将向他的女儿喊叫。	2
FULL Access to our Trainee Portal with Interactive Blog and Tools What better way to get the most of your Program but to interact with other trainees from around the world.	通过交互式博客和工具完全访问我们的学员门户有什么更好的方法来充分利用您的计划，但与来自世界各地的其他学员进行互动。	2
Full Article Money Makeover Want to earn more money?	整篇文章货币改造想要赚更多钱？	2
Full freight of death and fame, And the men of the White Ensign Of the Red shall think no shame !	死亡和名声的大运，红色的白色标志的人也不会觉得羞耻！	2
FULL STORY Movie filmed in Emery County: John Carter debuts Where do you go to film a movie about Mars?	在艾默里县拍摄的全故事电影：约翰 · 卡特首次展示了你去哪里拍摄关于火星的电影？	2
Fully insured of course just in case the worse should happen with any unforseen accidents.	当然，如果发生任何意外事故，情况会更糟，则完全投保。	2
Functions and Variables The following functions and variables were used to create this sample file.	函数和变量以下函数和变量用于创建此示例文件。	0
Funding has given the Waggoner Center modern instrumentation to allow it to undertake new forms of addiction research.	资金为瓦格纳斯中心提供了现代化仪器，使其能够进行新形式的成瘾研究。	1
Funding will vary from province to province based on which Ministry is primarily responsible for mental health.	各省的供资情况各不相同，根据该部主要负责精神健康。	2
Fungus Cure Educational information on Chronic Degenerative Disease.	关于慢性退行性疾病的教育信息。	1
Funny how he says he will support him, but calls his supporters names.	他说他会支持他，这很有趣，但他却叫他的支持者的名字。	1
Furious with their inability to see a child behind that intellect, Hanekoma had rushed back to his classroom but it was too late.	韩科马对自己无法看到背后的孩子感到愤怒，急忙赶回教室，但时间太晚了。	1
Further, an employer still cannot be compelled to reinstate those who successfully claim unfair dismissal and the restrictions preventing employers dismissing those who are on strike are limited.	此外，雇主仍然不能被迫恢复那些成功地声称遭到不公平解雇的人的职位，而且阻止雇主解雇那些罢工者的限制是有限的。	2
Further benefit can be obtained by using a space within a space.	使用空间内的空间可以获得更多好处。	2
Further crafting of SIOP the game without the Eco Consultant in Your.	在没有生态顾问的情况下，进一步设计 SIOP 游戏。	1
Further details in respect of the laying of the Regulations are available on the Treasury website.	财务处网站上提供了有关制定条例的更多详细信息。	0
Further empirical research is needed to measure the effect of creative interventions to improve participants understanding of these concepts.	需要进行进一步的经验研究，以衡量创造性干预的效果，使参与者更好地理解这些概念。	0
Furthermore, creative ideas saved on the system are extremely critical due to the uncertainty of the machinery equipment that can be the victim of accident or human malevolence anytime and anywhere.	此外，由于机械设备的不确定性，在系统上保存的创意非常关键，因为机械设备可能在任何时候，任何地方都是事故或人类恶意的受害者。	2
Furthermore, even though the financial crisis prompted an even higher demand for mental health services, the latter are threatened by huge budget cuts in several EU member states.	此外，尽管金融危机促使人们对心理健康服务的需求增加，但在一些欧盟成员国，心理健康服务受到了巨额预算削减的威胁。	0
Furthermore, he participated in a limited number of races, focusing primarily on the Tour de France, which significantly reduced the number of tests he was exposed to.	此外，他参加了有限的几场比赛，主要集中在法国巡回赛，这大大减少了他所参加的测试次数。	1
Furthermore, I know you have got to have some guts to enter into any kind of a relationship with him.	此外，我知道你必须有一些猜测才能与他建立任何关系。	1
Furthermore, in order for such compounds to be commercially attractive, we recognize that thereis a need for an economical process for preparing starting compounds useful in their preparation.	此外，为了使这种化合物具有商业吸引力，我们认识到需要一个经济的过程来准备对其准备有用的启动化合物。	1
Furthermore the distribution of the heat versus time and space should also be known.	此外，还应了解热与时间和空间的分布情况。	0
Furthermore, the outreach of public sector extension services in the outer atolls and islands was very limited.	此外，公共部门在外环礁和岛屿推广服务的范围非常有限。	0
Furthermore, the same proportion of credit card users claimed that the main rate of interest is more important than any additional bonuses such as receiving 0% credit cards for balance transfers.	此外，同样比例的信用卡用户声称，主要利率比任何额外的奖金（如收取 0% 的信用卡进行余额转移）更重要。	0
Furthermore, the thesis is concerned with development of a physical model for nanometric sensing, which is of great importance for optical trapping systems that utilise evanescent field illumination for achieving high resolution position monitoring and imaging.	此外，论文还涉及纳米感应物理模型的开发，这对于利用动态场照明实现高分辨率位置监控和成像的光捕获系统非常重要。	0
Further, these needs are frequently not met by community services in the immediate period prior to imprisonment resulting in multiple demands placed upon prison health services.	此外，在监禁前的这段时间里，社区服务往往无法满足这些需求，导致对监狱卫生服务的多重需求。	2
Further, we have assumed up till now that, in all branches of business, the increment of annual return that accompanies the increasing extension of the production period, moves in the same rate of progression.	此外，迄今为止，我们已经假定，在所有业务部门，随着生产期的不断延长而增加的年度回报也以同样的速度增长。	1
Fury narrowed his eye and reached for the ladder.	愤怒收窄了他的眼睛，走到了梯子上。	2
Futon Item Description Great as a starter piece and for more intimate spaces, this futon will surely add function and versatility to your home.	FUTON 商品描述作为入门级产品和更加私密的空间，这款 FUTON 必将为您的家增添功能和多功能性。	1
Future Research It is clear that future studies investigating the diagnostic criteria for CTTH and the different therapeutic strategies are urgently needed.	未来研究很显然，未来的研究迫切需要调查 CTTH 的诊断标准和不同的治疗策略。	1
Future success for these parties will depend on the ability to bring support for the party more in line with support for the movement.	这些政党今后的成功将取决于能否更好地为该党提供支持，以支持该运动。	0
Gaara stepped towards her and at the movement she picked her head up again.	Gaara 向她走了一步，她在这场运动中再次抬头。	0
Gabriel always felt sorry for the kids who Fate had chosen to shoulder such a heavy burden.	加布里埃尔总是对那些命运决定承担如此沉重负担的孩子感到遗憾。	0
Gains from the sale of property located in another state are not subject to tax and losses are not deductible.	出售位于另一州的财产所得的收益不受税项限制，损失不可扣除。	0
Galaxy Garrison and The Galactic Federation Collide reviews Galaxy Garrison and the Galactic Federation, although formed on Earth at the same time, have never seen eye to eye.	银河部队和银河联盟的碰撞评论银河部队和银河联盟虽然是在地球上同时成立的，但从未见过眼睛。	2
Galen had been subdued since the argument last evening.	加伦自昨晚的争论以来一直被压制。	0
Galileo was a small percentage of the population.	伽利略在人口中所占比例很小。	1
Gallade knew this and wondered if there were more enemies stronger than him out there, and if so, Gallade would need to get stronger in order to beat them.	Gallade 知道这一点，想知道那里是否有比他强的敌人，如果是， Gallade 需要变得更强，才能打败他们。	0
Gallagher is the editor of the Parrillo Performance Press, a monthly fitness magazine, and recently authored a book on the greatest strength athlete of the modern era, Ed Coan.	Gallagher 是《 Parrillo Performance Press 》的编辑，这是一份月度健身杂志，最近还撰写了一本关于现代最强运动员 Ed Coan 的书。	2
Gallery Silver Perch fingerlings in an aquaponic system.	在水声系统中使用 Gallery Silver Perch 手指。	2
Gallus has world class operations and an industry leading quality and regulatory track record.	Gallus 拥有世界一流的运营和行业领先的质量和监管业绩记录。	1
Game players are still in game but hand goes dead.	游戏玩家仍在游戏中，但手已死亡。	2
Gang, God is not to be remembered for an hour per week within these walls and then forgotten.	黑帮，在这些墙内，每周不能有一个小时的时间记住上帝，然后被遗忘。	2
Gaps can be taken care of using veneers that are thin shells layered on the front of the teeth.	可以使用牙齿前部的薄壳饰面来处理缝隙。	2
Garcia spoke of his quest to make history by becoming the first Rio Grande Valley boxer to win a world title.	加西亚谈到了他通过成为第一位赢得世界冠军的里约格兰德谷拳击手来创造历史的努力。	1
Gardens take a good deal o f weeding and hoeing and tending.	在花园里打草，打草和打理都是一个不错的选择。	2
Gary Herbert apparently has decided to sign off on the proposed Snake Valley water.	加里 · 赫伯特显然已决定签署提议的蛇谷水。	2
Gary knew Ash was part of one of them, feeling all the more worried as Oak said the previous statement.	加里知道阿什是其中一人的一员，就像橡树在前一份声明中所说的那样，他感到更加担忧。	2
Gas logs are in the family room and also in the master bedroom, so no need for cutting or hauling in firewood.	煤气原木在家庭房和主卧房，因此无需切割或运输木柴。	2
Gas production in the Black Sea shelf with Petro Hodovanets Climbing floating rig will start in early September 2012.	黑海大陆架上的天然气生产将于 2012 年 9 月初开始， Petro Hodovanets 将在浮动钻机上攀爬。	2
Gasps rang through the Hall and that seemed to finally grab the attention of the wizard.	小煤气从大厅里响起，似乎终于引起了向导的注意。	2
Gates of Istanbul Istanbul is justly proud of its international Ataturk airport, which serves hundreds of flights every day.	伊斯坦布尔的大门理所当然地为其国际阿塔图尔克机场感到自豪，该机场每天提供数百次航班服务。	1
Gather information to help decide which behavior to promote.	收集信息以帮助决定要推广的行为。	0
Gather up scraps of dough and repeat rolling and cutting.	收集面团的碎片，重复滚动和切割。	1
Gave him a sweater with a reindeer on the front.	给了他一件毛衣，前面有一只驯鹿。	1
Gender differences between men and women are unique.	男女之间的性别差异是独特的。	0
General Assembly after discussions at the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Program.	在联合国环境规划署理事会讨论后，大会将审议这一问题。	0
General Forum Usage User Profile Features Reading and Posting Messages Project Tools FAQ The Project Tools system adds project management capabilities to the Sports Interactive Community.	一般论坛使用情况用户配置文件功能阅读和发布消息项目工具常见问题项目工具系统为体育互动社区添加了项目管理功能。	1
Generally, an entity bean can be compared to a database table and a entity bean instance corresponds to a row in a table.	通常，可以将实体 Bean 与数据库表进行比较，而实体 Bean 实例与表中的行相对应。	1
Generally, the practice of retaining veteran players who had contributed to the team in the past, but whose abilities have declined, became less common in the era of the salary cap.	一般而言，在薪金上限时代，保留过去曾为球队做出贡献但能力下降的老队员的做法变得不那么普遍。	1
Generally, three months of season rents covers all the out of pocket expenses, except for mortgage payments.	一般而言，三个月的季节租金包括所有的自付开支，但抵押贷款除外。	0
General Secretary discussed the future plan and program in details with the members.	秘书长与成员详细讨论了未来的计划和方案。	0
Generation 1 is used only by SONET or SDH ONS 15454 nodes that are connected to equipment that does not support Generation 2.	第 1 代仅供连接到不支持第 2 代设备的 SONET 或 SDH ONS 15454 节点使用。	2
Generation Y may have an aversion to driving , but more Americans still hop in the car to get to work, Planet Money reports.	据《星球金钱》报道， Y 代可能对驾驶有厌恶，但更多的美国人仍然跳上车去上班。	1
Genesis has been provided great products and services to customers from UK and Europe.	Genesis 为来自英国和欧洲的客户提供了出色的产品和服务。	0
Genetic engineering and techniques used to manipulate genetic material in recombinant DNA technology.	用于在重组 DNA 技术中操纵遗传材料的遗传工程和技术。	0
Genomic DNA from the orangutan samples was used in the initial round.	最初一轮中使用了来自猩猩样本的基因组 DNA 。	0
Geoff will need to peel me off the floor soon !	Geoff 很快就要把我剥离地板了！	2
Geographic distribution and infraspecific variation of the E Mediterranean Quercus trojana is discussed.	讨论了 E Mediterranean Quercus trojana 的地理分布和次要变异。	1
George Washington won 100% of the electoral votes when elected for both his first and second term of presidency .	乔治 · 华盛顿在当选第一和第二任总统时赢得了 100% 的选举选票。	1
German radio uses the gong sound to mark the exact time.	德语电台使用 gong 音来标记准确的时间。	1
Gestational diabetes is hyperglycaemia with onset or first recognition during pregnancy.	妊娠期糖尿病是指妊娠期发病或首次发现的高血糖症。	0
Gestational diabetes usually goes away after the baby is born.	妊娠期糖尿病通常在婴儿出生后消失。	0
Get a Free Home Mortgage Refianancing Consultaion so we can start exploring your best money saving options today.	获得免费住宅按揭贷款咨询服务，以便我们可以立即开始探索您最省钱的选择。	0
Get a half year supply of bags and milk the price cut.	以低廉的价格获得半年的袋和牛奶供应。	1
Get in the habit of reading the sodium content when buying groceries.	养成在购买杂货时阅读钠含量的习惯。	2
Get reviews of anything from hotels and restaurants to shops and attractions from Trip Advisor.	从猫途鹰网站上查看从酒店，餐厅到商店和景点的所有评论。	0
Get Serious Get serious about sticking to the program.	认真对待坚持该计划。	1
Get started today by filling out the form below or choosing a current Idaho hotel special below!	立即填写下表或选择以下爱达荷州当前的酒店特惠，开始您的一天！	1
Getting a massage with essential oils is a great way to get aromatherapy.	用精油按摩是一种很好的方式去享受芳香疗法。	1
Getting a new HT Omega card to fix the problem after using the onboard card for the last couple of months.	在过去几个月中使用板载卡后，获得新的 HT Omega 卡以解决问题。	2
Getting humanitarian aids to Gaza must be done through its neighbors and Egypt is expected to cooperate in this regard, he said.	他说，必须通过邻国向加沙提供人道主义援助，埃及将在这方面进行合作。	0
Getting the right demo to the right label at the right time takes a lot of hard work and even more luck.	在正确的时间将正确的演示拿到正确的标签需要付出大量的努力，甚至更多的运气。	2
Getting to Know Engagement Ring Designs Most people mistakenly think that engagement ring designs should only be the solitaire set on a single band.	了解敬业度指环设计大多数人错误地认为敬业度指环设计只能是单个频段上的独奏者。	2
Getting to this state of perfection requires a little experimentation.	要达到这种完美状态需要进行一些实验。	1
Getting your small business plan to break through the minutia.	让您的小型企业计划突破时间。	2
Get Your Business off the Ground - When approaching smaller companies emphasize that you are a small enterprise as well.	让您的业务脱离实际 - 当与较小的公司接洽时，强调您也是一家小型企业。	2
Get your managerial thoroughly forensic nature version of this article.	获取您的管理人员对此文章的完全法医性质版本。	1
Giant holes filled the Wind Spirits body and wisps of wind began escaping from them.	巨大的洞填充了风螺旋体，风的智慧开始从它们中逃脱。	2
Gibbs told Commissioner Athol Halstead that the plan could be ready within three months if all financial information is forthcoming from the BMH board and administrators.	Gibbs 告诉委员 Athol Halstead ，如果 BMH 董事会和管理人员提供所有财务信息，该计划可以在三个月内完成。	0
Gift aid envelopes are also available to enable you to increase the value of your gift by 28% at no cost to you.	还提供礼品援助信封，让您可以免费将礼品价值提高 28% 。	0
Gift Wrapping We offer a choice of gift wrapping options, together with the ability to include a personal message to the recipient of each item.	礼品包装我们提供多种礼品包装选项，并能够向每件商品的收件人提供个人信息。	1
Gigantic wings that extended from his heels all the way up to three feet above this head.	巨大的翅膀从他的脚跟一直延伸到头顶上方的三英尺处。	0
Gil snapped his notebook shut and stowed it away, glad he had managed to make the others laugh and that the arival of the new kid had everyone distracted from the previosely dark mood.	吉尔把他的笔记本关了，把它收起来了，很高兴他成功地让其他人笑了，新孩子的收纳让每个人都从过去那种黑暗的情绪中分心了。	2
Gina left for Utah and was not well yesterday so I'll have to do the adding.	吉娜离开犹他州，昨天还不是很好，所以我不得不做补充。	2
Ginny only sees Harry as the BWL, she grew up on bedtime stories of him and the like and I think she sees herself as his damsel.	Ginny 只把 Harry 看作是 BWL ，她长大后是关于他和他的类似的睡前故事，我认为她把自己看作是他的神。	2
Ginny still had a hurt expression on her face as she surveyed the colors.	金尼在调查颜色时，脸上仍然有一个伤痛的表情。	1
Girls who get up early to straighten their hair for class.	早起去修头发的女孩。	2
Gi The headquarters will have or already have themertain extent?	Gi 总部会有或已经有了这种情况？	0
Give a brief summary of each item in your portfolio.	简要总结您的投资组合中的每个项目。	0
Give its digits The whale watching safari under the low prices!	以低廉的价格体验鲸鱼观赏之旅！	0
Given economics instead of State Department He had hoped for the State Department beat in Washington but was assigned the economics post.	他希望美国国务院在华盛顿能击败美国，但被任命为经济职位。	2
Given political developments in both countries, roundtable panelists portrayed Georgia and Kyrgyzstan as disappointing performers in terms of media freedom.	鉴于这两个国家的政治发展，圆桌小组成员将格鲁吉亚和吉尔吉斯斯坦描绘成媒体自由方面令人失望的表现。	1
Given that decision makers are often not specialists in this area, the system must make a considerable effort to ensure that they understand its potential to meet the development and sustainability goals.	鉴于决策者往往不是这一领域的专家，联合国系统必须作出相当大的努力，确保他们了解其实现发展和可持续性目标的潜力。	0
Given that synchrony is never perfect, time zero for the erythrocytic cycle was taken as the point where ca.	鉴于同步性从未达到完美，红细胞周期的时间为零被视为 CA 的点。	1
Given that we have two sets of friends who moved down here recently, I'm sure I'll be back and have a little bit more to share.	鉴于我们有两组朋友最近在这里下了场，我相信我会回来，并有更多的机会与大家分享。	1
Given the current global economic conditions, the authors attempted to determine if such conditions affected the content of current mission statements.	鉴于当前的全球经济状况，作者试图确定这种状况是否影响到目前访问声明的内容。	0
Given the existing conditions of the poor in NTT, the benefit of this type of service to the majority of the poor will be limited.	鉴于非关税贸易中穷人的现有条件，这类服务对大多数穷人的好处将是有限的。	0
Given the most general data on Yukos, it would seem that such transfers could occur only in two ways.	鉴于尤科斯的最一般数据，这种转移似乎只能以两种方式进行。	1
Given this, I would like someone at Infragistics to initiate the process of refunding me as soon as possible.	鉴于这一点，我希望 Infragistics 的某个人尽快启动为我提供资金的过程。	1
Give potential funding sources a menu of options of how they can support the CAP site.	为潜在的供资来源提供一个菜单，说明它们如何支持联合呼吁程序站点。	1
Give students several examples of local public (and private) places that are named after a notable person and ask them to add other examples to the list.	向学生举几个以知名人士命名的地方公共（和私人）场所示例，并要求他们在列表中添加其他示例。	0
Give them to a local church to hand out to those who are in need.	把他们交给当地的教会，把他们交给那些需要帮助的人。	1
Give your grandchildren this daily wooden puzzle reminder of how much you care about them!	给你的孙子们这个每天的木制拼图提醒你对他们的关心程度 !	2
Giving money to the new Member States is not an attitude of charity.	向新会员国提供资金不是一种慈善态度。	0
Glad you got this resolved, and it reminds me to price some UPS myself.	很高兴您解决了这一问题，它提醒我自己为某些 UPS 定价。	1
Glare Lights Shielded Lights Shielded lights are available at Progress lighting.	眩光灯屏蔽灯屏蔽式灯在照明过程中可用。	2
Glass shattered as Dimentio plunged from the keep of Castle Bleck.	当维蒂奥从布莱克城堡（ Castle Bleck ）的保护下跌落时，玻璃破碎了。	0
Glaucoma is caused by an increase in intraocular pressure, or internal eye pressure, which can ultimately lead to defects in vision and even blindness if left untreated.	青光眼是由眼内压力或眼内压力的增加引起的，如果不加治疗，最终会导致视力缺陷甚至失明。	0
Glenn Beck exposed his idiotic self professed communism, and he is finally out of whispering distance of Barry O'.	格伦 · 贝克暴露了他的自我宣称的世俗主义，他终于走出了巴里 · 奥的低声距离。	2
Glenn Lucas shares his unique approach to turning bowls with clear and detailed footage of techniques developed by him.	格伦 · 卢卡斯与他分享了他独特的方法，他用他所开发的清晰而详细的技巧来转动碗。	2
Glenn proved himself an integral part of the group when they came upon the question of who should go, volunteering himself for the role when no one spoke up.	格伦在谈到谁应该去的问题时，证明自己是小组的一个组成部分，当没有人发表意见时，他自己自愿担任这个角色。	1
Glinda was the beautiful one, the not so smart one but ultimately she was popular and Elphie was proud to be her friend.	格林达是一个美丽的地方，不是那么聪明，但最终她很受欢迎，埃尔菲很自豪能成为她的朋友。	1
Global batching plant mixer buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球堆场混炼机买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	2
Global building materia buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球建筑材料买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global Color Cotton Clips buyers find suppliers here ever day.	全球彩棉短片买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global companies such as Intel or IBM are not dependent on a weak dollar.	英特尔或 IBM 等全球公司并不依赖疲软的美元。	0
Global high brightness lcd player buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球高亮度 LCD 播放器买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global inktec buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球 inktec 买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	1
Global micro paper shredder buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球微型纸粉碎机买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global mobile aerial buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球移动航空买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global needle bottle e liquid buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球针瓶液体买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global organizations have mounting volumes of content which must be provided in the local languages of their customers, coupled with a rising frequency of web site updates and product launches.	全球组织的内容越来越多，必须以客户的本地语言提供，同时网站更新和产品发布的频率也在不断提高。	0
Global Site Position is committed to helping businesses achieve higher rankings in the major search engines and directories on the Internet through consultation, research, optimization and submission services.	Global Site Position 致力于通过咨询，研究，优化和提交服务，帮助企业在互联网上的主要搜索引擎和目录中获得更高的排名。	0
Global suction ecg electrode buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球抽吸 ECG 电极买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Global turnbuckle adjuster buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球螺旋扣调节器买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	1
Global web server buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球 Web 服务器买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	0
Glue a bow or small rose to the neckline, and make a halo from silver beads and glue to the top of the head.	将弓或小玫瑰涂在颈管上，用银珠和胶粘到头部顶部，然后再用一个光晕。	2
Glycerine is a natural humectant that maintains moisture level to the skin.	甘油是一种保持皮肤水分水平的天然保湿剂。	0
Go ahead and check if you have the latest firmware installed.	继续检查是否安装了最新的固件。	0
Go ahead and take get in touch with as it pertains within or perhaps gain the video call inside of Three hours; now you have an appropriate period to reply to a great enquiry.	继续进行联系，因为这在 3 小时内就可以进行视频通话；现在，您有适当的时间回复一个很好的询问。	2
Goals and the journey towards them are what makes life exciting and full of direction.	目标和实现目标的过程是让生活充满激情和方向的原因。	1
Go and See for your serves that This place is GREAT!	去看看这个地方是很棒的！	2
Go away but build us hospitals mark steyn delivers the knockout punch of reality.	离开，但建立我们的医院，马克 · 斯蒂恩提供了一个令人震撼的现实。	2
God bless and lots of love, Kathleen Kastner Very Dear FARRAH this is the second time that I write to you to sent my assistance and all my positive force in your combat against the disease.	愿上帝保佑和许多爱， Kathleen Kastner ，非常亲爱的 Farrah ，这是我第二次写信给你，在你防治这一疾病的斗争中，我给予了我的帮助和我的所有积极力量。	2
God bless you all and all you are concerned in.	愿上帝保佑你和你所关心的一切。	0
God breathed into them and they wrote it down, word by word what God breathed into them.	神向他们呼吸，他们把它写下来，用言语表达神在他们中呼吸的东西。	1
God called the chosen people of Israel out of the descendants of Abraham.	神将被选的以色列人民从亚伯拉罕的后裔中挑出来。	2
God created your body to operate on whole foods without chemicals.	上帝创造了你的身体在没有化学品的全食上操作。	2
God gave us the ability to listen and to reason.	神赋予我们听和理性的能力。	0
God has asked me to step out into Ministry.	上帝要求我走出社会。	1
God is at once our Divine Father and our Divine Mother.	神是我们的神圣父和我们的神圣母亲。	2
God is a very jealous lover of souls: he will possess only and altogether that thing which he redeemed with his blood: he cannot suffer the fellowship of the devil, whom he once overcame with death.	神是一个非常嫉妒的灵魂的情人：他将只拥有他用血赎回的一切，他不能忍受魔鬼的恩赐，他曾经用死取代了魔鬼。	2
God is depicted in many parts of the Bible as knocking down city walls, parting seas and so on.	《圣经》的许多部分都将上帝描绘成敲城墙，切断海洋等。	1
God knows my Mom makes threats about her Tupperware all of the time.	上帝知道我妈妈一直威胁着她的托伯韦尔。	2
God prepared other things for Jonah If we would only stop to think things through we would not doubt the ability of God.	神为约拿准备了其他的东西，如果我们只是停下来思考，我们就不会怀疑神的能力。	1
God rejuvenates the lives of those who expend themselves for others.	神使那些为他人而献身的人的生活得到了振兴。	1
God speed to them and Bless their families for their strength during this deployment.	在这种部署中，上帝会加速向他们，并减少他们的家人的力量。	2
God views things from the perspective of the mountaintop of eternity.	神从永恒的山顶观景。	1
Godzilla starts pummeling the fallen Rodan with his fists.	哥齐拉开始用他的拳头将倒下的罗丹打得起。	2
Go for the increase in front negative camber.	向前负车轮外倾角增加。	1
Go further and take into account the sales price and profit.	进一步考虑销售价格和利润。	1
Gohan coughed and spluttered in the bed, saliva leaking from the corners of his lips.	高汉咳嗽了，躺在床上，嘴唇边漏出了唾液。	0
Going to a retreat in late September which will use up a large portion of my vacation time.	9 月下旬去一次静修，这将占用我大部分的假期时间。	1
Going to The Leather Bottle using public transport?	乘坐公共交通工具前往真皮瓶？	1
Go in to the Tessara forms and print out the recharge form.	进入 Tessara 表单并打印充值表单。	1
Gojko: This is very contextual and any generic advice would have to come with warnings.	Gojko: This is very contextual and any generic advice would have to come with warnings.	2
Gojyo peered at his friend over the top of his hand, unsure whether to laugh or sigh in exasperation.	Gojyo 在他的手上向他的朋友起了跳，不知道是笑，还是在愤怒中叹气。	1
Golden eyes looked down at the ground, and he did not answer at first.	金眼向下望着地面，他一开始没有回答。	1
Goldman traveled to Canada in 1927, just in time to receive news of the impending executions of Italian anarchists Nicola Sacco and Bartolomeo Vanzetti in New York.	1927 年，戈德曼前往加拿大，正好是为了及时收到关于意大利无政府主义者尼古拉 · 萨科和巴托罗密欧 · 万扎蒂即将在纽约被处决的消息。	1
Golfing holidays with hotel accommodation in the USA and Portugal.	在美国和葡萄牙的酒店住宿享受高尔夫假期。	0
Gone are the times when cheerleaders and perhaps other females athletes experienced to experience numerous issues find specialised costumes and sporting activities gears for them.	当拉拉队和其他女运动员经历了无数次的问题时，他们发现了专门的服装和体育活动装备。	0
Goober was helping Opie look for the axe as the scout master was honking the car horn in frustration.	谷歌帮助欧皮寻找斧头，因为定位大师沮丧地在鸣笛汽车喇叭。	1
Good example of taking the easy way out.	走轻松之路的好例子。	1
Good for you for seeing that and for being so supportive to your daughter.	这对你来说是个好地方，对你的女儿也是如此的支持。	1
Good friends with actor Denzel Washington since they met while costarring in The Pelican Brief.	自从演员登塞尔 · 华盛顿在《 Pelican Brief 》中主演时见面以来，他们是很好的朋友。	2
Good is only willing to die for one.	好就是愿意为一个人而死。	2
Good luck and I hope we will be crewmates one day!	祝您好运，我希望有一天我们能成为温顺的朋友！	1
Good Luck on the next chapter and I hope your crazy health situation gets better.	祝您好运，希望您的疯狂健康状况变得更好。	2
Good luck with the first meeting and hope to see you all at a future date.	祝第一次会面好运，并希望在未来的某个日期再见到大家。	1
Good measuring cups and spoons are kitchen essentials.	良好的量杯和勺子是厨房的必需品。	0
Good news for budget travelers who are seeking bargain in transportation cost in Europe!	对于在欧洲寻求廉价交通成本的经济型旅客来说，这是个好消息！	0
Good opportunity to meet alot of new and old members and some of the organizers.	有机会与许多新老成员和一些组织者会面。	0
Goods and services can be paid either by credit card whose information will be entered in the secure system offered by the bank by means of SSL secure protocol, or by means of money transfer.	商品和服务可以通过信用卡支付，信用卡的信息将通过 SSL 安全协议输入银行提供的安全系统，也可以通过汇款方式支付。	0
Good Tips for Treating Depression If you are suffering from depression, it is vital that you realize that you are not the only one suffering from this debilitating mental illness.	治疗抑郁症的好技巧如果你患有抑郁症 , 你必须认识到你不是唯一一个患有这种衰弱性精神疾病 .	1
Good work and can up please pretty please with marshmellows, cherries and double whipped fudge do an epilouge.	干得好，用棉花糖，樱桃和双鞭毛软糖脱毛的时候，能让你满意。	2
Goose bumps erupted on her bare arms remembering the look in his eyes when he had looked at Goyle.	当他看着高耶尔时，她的双臂上爆发了鹅皮疙瘩，记得他的眼睛里的样子。	2
Gordon Brown may have thrown his weight behind an eleventh hour deal, but the time has come to recognise that the G8's trade agenda has nothing to offer the poor.	戈登 · 布朗或许已经把自己的力量抛在了最后一小时的交易之后，但现在是时候承认八国集团的贸易议程对穷人毫无帮助了。	1
Gorgeous mornings in the garden looking at all those birds.	在花园里看着所有的鸟的美好早晨	2
Gorgeous scenery and faultless animation with excellent character designs.	美丽的风景，完美的动画，极好的个性设计。	1
Gotcha after I read through the guidelines again.	我再次通读了这些指南后，我觉得这是个问题。	0
Go through this site for the latest materials on how to fake Armani.	浏览此网站，了解有关如何假冒 Armani 的最新资料。	1
Go to events section to inform Amazon customers about your upcoming products.	前往活动部分，向亚马逊买家告知您即将推出的商品。	0
Go to the right and through the door.	向右行驶，穿过门。	0
Got some pretty big stuff ahead of me in the next couple months.	在接下来的几个月里，我在前面得到了一些相当大的东西。	2
Got to the point where the parents asked what was so funny!	到了父母问什么是如此有趣的地步！	0
Goulburn used to have the largest psychiatric hospital in regional New South Wales too, and this was named Kenmore Hospital.	Goulburn 过去也是新南威尔士地区最大的精神病医院，这家医院被命名为 Kenmore 医院。	2
Gourmet Garage said that it is something like National Geographic meets Indiana Jones, covering as it does so much about the world of coffee.	Gourmet Garage 说，这是一个类似于《国家地理》与印第安纳琼斯的交融的地方，它涵盖了咖啡世界。	2
Government officials are very cooperative and responsive to their views.	政府官员非常合作，对他们的观点作出反应。	0
Grabbing a fresh towel Puck began to dry the small child he sat on the bed with a smile of relief.	抓住一条新毛巾，普克开始用微笑放松地把他坐在床上的小孩子弄干。	1
Grabbing the instrument from the guard, he put it to his mouth and played a short tune to demonstrate.	他从守卫那里抓住了乐器，把它放在嘴里，并播放了一小段曲子来演示。	2
Grace stood up and offered everybody some tea, she had plenty of it since the Doctor practically only drank tea, they all accepted the tea gratefully.	Grace 站起来，给每个人提供了一些茶，她喝了很多，因为医生几乎只喝了茶，他们都很感激地接受了茶。	2
Gracia said that 32 units still had to report, two of which were regular and another 20 that pertained to the absentee votes of those in hospitals.	格雷西亚说，仍有 32 个单位需要报告，其中两个是正常的，另有 20 个是与医院里的人缺席投票有关的。	1
Graciela investigates to find out how her cat Pip has learned to speak English.	Graciela 会进行调查，以了解她的猫 PIP 是如何学会说英语的。	0
Grade Breakdown by Course Subject Code Awaiting classification Hello Joshua, I have forwarded your email to our Registrar Jeff Field to confirm your request has been received.	按课程主题代码分类的等级细目等待分类的 Joshua ，我已将您的电子邮件转发给我们的注册商 Jeff Field ，以确认您的请求已收到。	1
Gradual physical training is always the best way to prepare for the big stuff.	渐进的身体训练总是准备好大东西的最佳方式。	2
Graduate Compensation and Benefits Committee They are looking to support the wellness committee in the expansion of health center hours.	毕业生薪酬和福利委员会–他们希望支持健康委员会延长健康中心的工作时间。	1
Graffiti is also a serious crime which can result in a prison sentence.	涂鸦也是一种严重的罪行，可能导致监禁。	0
Grahams' position in the northern Emirates Chapter of the SPE is as a Section Director.	Grahams' position in the northern Emirates Chapter of the SPE is as a Section Director.	2
Grammar is introduced but not in the traditional sense.	采用了语法，但不是传统意义上的语法。	1
Grandmother Tilly was a tyrant when it came to manners and cleanliness and she ruled with the quince stick, whippy but effective.	在礼仪和清洁方面，祖母 Tilly 是一个暴君，她用昆士棍子统治，很古怪但很有效。	2
Grandparents need information on Family Law, how the court systems work, how to get Legal Aid and how to develop the best custody arrangements.	祖父母需要了解《家庭法》，法院系统如何运作，如何获得法律援助以及如何制定最佳监护安排。	2
Gray is a combination of two totally opposite and distinct colors: black and white.	灰色是两种完全相反和截然不同的颜色的组合：黑色和白色。	0
Great fanfic and I hope you update soon please.	很棒，希望你能尽快更新。	1
Greatly Increase the SPM of Existing Robot Lines!	大幅增加现有机械手生产线的 SPM ！	2
Great place to stay in the resort community of Plametto Dunes.	普拉米托沙丘度假区的好住处	0
Great success with this pursuit will allow you to attain the finances needed to meet expense demands, build savings and even establish your primary income base.	这一追求的巨大成功将使您获得满足支出需求，建立储蓄甚至建立基本收入基础所需的资金。	1
Great white sharks are not only the largest hunting sharks; they also rank among the fastest fish in the oceans their streamlined body allows them to swim up to 32 kilometres per hour.	大白鲨不仅是最大的狩猎鲨鱼；它们也是海洋中速度最快的鱼之一。它们的流线体使它们可以每小时游 32 公里。	0
Green is still learning how to run more effectively.	绿色仍在学习如何更有效地运行。	2
Green jobs created by government actions disappear as soon as government support is terminated, a lesson the German government and the green companies it supports are beginning to learn.	政府行动创造的绿色就业机会一旦政府支持终止，就会消失，德国政府及其支持的绿色公司正在开始吸取教训。	0
Grier also shares the realities for capitalism which increasing pet ownership brought to America.	格里尔也赞同资本主义的现实，这种资本主义的增加给美国带来了宠物的所有权。	2
Grinning ear to ear I sipped my coffee feeling the warmth run through my veins.	我的咖啡因我的耳朵而发出的微细的声音，我感到温暖的气息从我的静脉中流下来。	2
Grinning like the Cheshire Cat was not something the New Shawn did.	像柴郡猫那样的灰化并不是新肖恩所做的。	2
Grinning to herself, Lindsey left the two to flirt and glanced around for Mikey.	林赛自相自相扑，离开两人，朝密克望着。	2
Gripping outsole provides traction for wearers to move at ease.	抓地外底为穿戴者提供抓地力，让他们轻松移动。	0
Groceries, produce and other packaged food products may have been stored in infested locations before they were purchased.	食品杂货，农产品和其他包装食品在购买之前可能已经储存在受感染的地方。	0
Grownup intercourse dating online pages allow you to be who you unquestionably are and provide you with the ease of figuring out others just like you from throughout the world.	在线约会页面的成长使您能够成为您无疑的人，并为您提供轻松的发现其他人，就像您来自世界各地的人一样。	2
Growth of the modern city owes much to its domination by foreign powers, especially Germany and Japan.	现代城市的发展在很大程度上归功于外国势力的统治，特别是德国和日本。	0
Gt Barton have always wanted traffic lights there.	GT Barton 一直希望那里有交通灯。	0
Guajiayu Village is famous for its use of alternative energy.	Guajiayu Village 以其替代能源的使用而闻名。	1
Guards who stopped the men and asked for identification were presented with documents that identified them only as Defense Department employees, Colorado Department of Corrections spokeswoman Katherine Sanguinetti.	看守们截住了这些人并要求查验他们的身份，但却出示了文件，证明他们只是科罗拉多州惩教部发言人 Katherine Sanguinetti 的国防部雇员。	1
Guess Jane already has something like butterflies in her stomach huh?	想简在她的胃部已经有了蝴蝶吗？	2
Guests can relax with a drink in the bar or beside the open fireplace.	客人可以在酒吧或开放式壁炉旁喝一杯。	0
Guests have access to a fully equipped communal kitchen on site.	客人可使用设施齐全的公共厨房。	0
Guests, who attended the reception at the German House, also had the opportunity to put the MINI E to the test during a short drive around Midtown Manhattan.	参加德国之家招待会的客人也有机会测试迷你 E ——在曼哈顿中城附近短暂的车程中。	2
Gum disease is an inflammation of the gum tissues and if left untreated can affect the bone that surrounds and protects the teeth.	牙龈疾病是牙龈组织的炎症，如果不治疗，可能影响周围的骨骼并保护牙齿。	1
Hachi said he saw you being carried by Kirara.	哈奇说，他看到你被基拉拉带了。	2
Had David went into battle, he would have failed due to his lack of strength.	如果大卫入战，他就会因为缺乏力量而失败。	1
Had he given up on the young school teacher?	他是否放弃了这位年轻的老师？	1
Had I done something wrong for him to want me gone?	我是否做了错误的事让他想让我离开？	0
Had it been someone else, no doubt their back would have protested as they removed themselves from the bike, but Cloud showed no signs of discomfort as he made his way to the crumbling building before him.	如果是其他人，毫无疑问，他们的背部会在他们离开自行车时提出抗议，但云在他前往他面前摇摇欲坠的建筑时没有表现出任何不适的迹象。	1
Had it not been for players turning City down, they would have spent the like of £100m on Kaka and they now plan to spend £40m on Terry.	如果不是因为球员们把城市倒了，他们本来会在卡卡上花 £100 米，现在他们计划在特里花 £40 米。	2
Had the disaster taken place in Western Europe or North America, its effect on public opinion would have been still greater.	如果这场灾难发生在西欧或北美，它对公众舆论的影响将会更大。	0
Had to hold my camera at an awkward angle to get over the crowd and my arms ached badly after a bit!	我不得不把相机拿在一个尴尬的角度来避开人群，我的手臂在一小段时间后被严重地缓过了！	2
Haliwa Milgo, a Muslim resident of this predominantly Christian Samburu village, says she was raped 20 years ago while washing clothes in the river.	Haliwa Mildo, 一名穆斯林居民，主要是基督教的 Samburu 村，她说， 20 年前她在河里洗衣服时被强奸。	1
Hallway The house is quite dark, as the sun starts to go down.	走廊里的房子很暗，太阳开始落下。	1
Hamas insists any ceasefire must involve Israeli troops withdrawing from Gaza and an immediate lifting of the Israeli blockade.	哈马斯坚持任何停火都必须包括以色列军队撤出加沙和立即解除以色列的封锁。	0
Hamilton came jogging back down with a big smile on his face.	汉密尔顿带着大大的微笑回到了后面。	1
Hampered by poor communication and language skills, people on the autism spectrum may never be able to speak out about abuse, even if they are not held back by feelings of shame.	由于缺乏沟通和语言技能，自闭症谱系的人可能永远不能公开谈论虐待问题，即使他们没有被耻辱感所阻碍。	0
Hampi is situated on the banks of River Tungabhadra.	Hampi 酒店位于 Tungabhadra 河畔。	1
Hana was the first one experiencing an off field landing at Harris Hill, which translates to landing in a pasture down in the valley.	哈纳是第一个在哈里斯山（ Harris Hill ）进行野外着陆的人，这意味着在山谷中的牧场降落。	2
Handwriting Analysts Companion with 64 page Stroke Master Guide How many times has it happened to you that you come across a certain handwriting indicator but cannot remember exactly what it means?	手写分析师助理和 64 页笔划主指南您遇到某种笔迹指示器但又不记得它的确切含义的情况发生了多少次？	1
Hanford Higher Education The city is home to a campus of Chapman University and a campus of the College of Sequoias.	汉福德高等教育城是查普曼大学校园和红杉学院校园的所在地。	0
Hanged, exiled and murdered at hard labor by the government of Alexander the Third, the leaders disappeared.	第三次亚历山大政府在苦役中绞死，流放和谋杀了领导人。	1
Hanging magazine racks can be placed or wall mounted just about anywhere that you desire retail merchandising impact for your customers.	悬挂式杂志架可以放置在您希望零售销售影响到您的客户的任何地方，也可以安装在墙上。	0
Hang out with great couples What are the people like who you hang out with?	与伟大的夫妇一起闲逛你和谁一起闲逛的人是什么？	2
Hank had been trying to do what a counselor had recommended, but he never made that mistake again.	Hank 一直在努力做一位顾问建议的事情，但他从未再次犯过这一错误。	1
Hansen complained that a Channel 7 camera crew taped a private Kiwi session and gave a copy to the Wallabies.	Hansen 抱怨说，一个 7 频道的摄像机组拍摄了一个私人的 Kiwi 会话，并向 Wallabies 提供了一份副本。	2
Happy Face What do you think about this article?	快乐的面孔你对这篇文章有什么看法？	2
Happy to meet spiritual people with similar interests and who are comfortable with metaphysical discussions.	很高兴见到有着类似兴趣的灵性人物，他们对比喻的讨论感到满意。	2
Hard assets are the best 'WINflation' play Before this cycle of monetary inflation runs it 's course, the Canadian Dollar should be well over par, oil prices should be much higher and Precious Metals should rally further.	硬资产是这一货币通胀周期开始前最好的“金翼化”，加元应该远远高于标准，油价应该更高，贵金属应该进一步回升。	1
Hard time doing certain activities: Asthma can slow you down when you exercise or play sports.	在做某些活动时很困难：哮喘会让你在运动或运动时放慢速度。	1
Hard to believe that it is in an ordinary English garden.	很难相信它是在一个普通的英国花园里。	0
Hard working and successful, I would eventually like to start my own business.	努力工作并取得成功，我最终希望开始我自己的业务。	1
Hardy Telecommunications is committed to bringing broadband services to our community.	Hardy Telecommunications 致力于为我们的社区提供宽带服务。	0
Hares also have black markings on their fur.	它们的毛上也有黑色标记。	1
Harnessing the collective resources of Pacific communities for health through greater involvement from community groups and nongovernmental organizations is important.	通过社区团体和非政府组织的更多参与，利用太平洋社区的集体资源促进卫生是重要的。	1
Harper raised his eyebrows, before turning his attention to taking the shower he had promised himself a good many hours ago.	哈珀举起了他的眉毛，在他把注意力转向淋浴之前，他在几个小时前就答应自己。	2
Harris is in the process of filling out a mile relay and is waiting for the girls on the team to round into shape.	哈里斯正在填写一英里接力，并正在等待球队的女孩组成。	1
Harry can still fall for her even if she does strange things.	即使她做了奇怪的事情，哈里也可以为她而跌倒。	2
Harry fought back the urge to throw an equally bad insult back.	哈里击退了同样糟糕的侮辱的冲动。	2
Harry gradually eased his swing into a peaceful halt.	哈里逐渐放松了他的挥杆，平静地停止了。	1
Harry needs him more that Severus knows and Severus needs him too.	Harry 需要更多塞韦鲁斯知道的他，而塞韦鲁斯也需要他。	2
Harry Potter and Hermione Granger get their first assignment as Aurors and that leads them to the East High.	哈利 · 波特和赫米奥内 · 格朗格尔获得了他们作为 Aurors 的第一份任务，并将他们引向了东方高地。	1
Harry shared a look with Salazar and cautiously approached the bar.	Harry 与 Salazar 分享了一份看法，并谨慎地接近了酒吧。	2
Harry should come into his powers soon and be not able to control it.	哈利应该很快就能进入他的权力范围，并且无法控制它。	2
Harry sighed at the unresponsive man, and instead turned his attention to the candy on the grass.	哈里看见那个反应迟钝的人，转而把注意力转向草地上的糖果。	0
Harry started out of bed for the fifth time that night, his scar aching after another dream of the corridor.	那天晚上，哈里第五次上床睡觉，他的伤疤在走廊的另一个梦想之后开始。	2
Harvey was always the first to blow his top off.	哈维一直是第一个把他的头盖掉的人。	1
Has any one else who bought this DVD had the same problem?	购买此 DVD 的其他人是否也有同样的问题？	1
Has anyone heard the full version of North Star form Transformers (by the talk here i say you have...)?	是否有人听说过 North Star Form Transformers 的完整版本（通过这里的演讲，我说您有 ... ）？	1
Has the titles of the attendees changed over the past few years?	在过去几年中，与会者的头衔是否发生了变化？	0
Hatsune Miku, became the second Vocaloid album to top the weekly charts in January 2011.	哈特松 · 米库于 2011 年 1 月成为第二个在每周排行榜上排名第一的 Vocaloid 专辑。	0
Have a month that has you smiling and that brings you to a place of wholeness.	有一个月的时间让你微笑，让你进入一个完整的地方。	1
Have a really good ear so I can lean songs by listening to them not reading the parts.	我的耳朵非常好，所以我可以通过听他们而不是阅读部分来精简歌曲。	2
Have been developed and many innovative features to improve stability and operator comfort of the long lifetime of the machine.	已经开发出许多创新功能，可在机器的长使用寿命内提高稳定性和操作员舒适性。	0
Have Canadians been consulted regarding EHRs and privacy?	是否就 EHRs 和隐私问题咨询过加拿大人？	0
Have fun around here One belongs to New York instantly, one belongs to it as much in five minutes as in five years.	在这里玩的很开心，一个属于纽约，一个在 5 分钟内就属于它了， 5 年后就属于它了。	2
Have fun being a locket for a few centuries!	几个世纪以来，作为一个小市场，你会觉得很有趣！	2
Have lore spread throughout the lands for me to find like in the Metroid Prime series.	我在这些土地上到处散布着很多传说中的“大都会 Prime ”系列。	1
Have revamped the artwork for you and will email it this afternoon.	为您修整了艺术品，并将于今天下午通过电子邮件发送。	1
Have they cut their deal with the beast?	他们是否与野兽断绝了关系？	2
Have we responded to this gracious indication of His desire, by promptly preparing to entertain Jesus as our Guest?	我们有没有对他的这种亲切的愿望作出反应，迅速准备招待耶稣为我们的客人？	2
Have you ever been arrested for any offense?	你是否曾因任何罪行被捕？	0
Have you ever been issued a Tajik visa ?	你是否曾获得过塔吉克签证？	0
Have you ever felt like you were being taken for granted?	您是否曾觉得自己被视为理所当然？	1
Have you lost MS Office files or any other data?	您是否丢失了 MS Office 文件或任何其他数据？	0
Having a financial strategy based on what is truly important to you is essential.	制定一项基于对您真正重要的内容的财务战略至关重要。	0
Having a strong and stable Career is a important aspect of successful and happy life.	拥有一个强大而稳定的职业生涯是成功和幸福生活的一个重要方面。	0
Having come to the end of yet another survey of his chances, dejection edged closer again, and this time it was harder still to wrestle himself free.	在对他的机会进行的另一次调查结束后，他的下场又变得更加接近了，而这一次更难摆脱自己的束缚。	2
Having found the relevant personnel, letters requesting any information on performed impact studies were sent.	在找到相关人员后，发出了信函，要求提供关于已进行的影响研究的任何信息。	1
Having frequent conversations in the days ahead will help your children feel safer and more secure.	在未来的日子里经常进行对话将帮助您的孩子感到更安全。	0
Having lived in Australia for many years.... and it is real hot Down Under in the middle of summer.....	在澳大利亚住了很多年，夏天的时候真的很热	2
Having never played a Grand Theft Auto game I was a little skeptical.	我从未参加过“大盗窃汽车”游戏，但我有点怀疑。	2
Having put on Christ we are all children of God.	在基督降临之后，我们都是上帝的儿女。	1
Having security systems, personal alarm systems and telephones were all important coping mechanisms to prevent feeling isolated.	拥有安全系统，个人报警系统和电话都是防止感觉被孤立的重要应对机制。	1
Having seen the final episodes, I know now that those seemingly unrelated and tangential diversions actually do serve something of a larger purpose and do help develop the question Kannagi is trying to ask.	看了最后一集后，我现在知道这些看似不相关的和切相的转用实际上确实起到了更大的作用，并且有助于形成 Kannagi 试图问的问题。	1
Having some of the symptoms enumerated above does not necessarily mean that you have leukemia.	以上列举的一些症状并不一定意味着您患有白血病。	0
Having spent months training myself to be selective and patient with my photography, it took about an hour for the freedom and excitement of being away to release all my bad habits.	我花了几个月的时间训练自己对我的摄影有选择性和耐心，花了大约一个小时的时间，才能自由和兴奋地离开，释放我所有的不良习惯。	2
Having taken about 40 pictures, the angle started to change rather erratically so the last few pictures took some time.	拍摄了大约 40 张照片后，角度开始发生变化，因此最后几张照片需要一些时间。	0
Having the files on my desktop may have sped it up slightly but I was pretty impressed.	将文件放在桌面上可能会稍微加快速度，但我印象非常深刻。	1
Having this should make it possible for the city to grow even more.	拥有这一条件将使该城市能够进一步发展。	0
Having witnessed hundreds of miraculous healings, John shares his approach and teaches the techniques to assist in the healing process.	约翰见证了数百次奇迹般的治疗，他分享了他的方法，并传授了帮助治疗过程的技巧。	1
Hawkeye is the first to charge against Venom guns blazing.	霍斯基是第一个对金星炮的攻击。	2
Hawkins represented all of Hall County and parts of Jackson County as the senator for state Senate District 49.	霍金斯代表霍尔县和杰克逊县的部分地区担任第 49 州参议院参议员。	0
Hayek takes competition as a process of discovery of facts and emphasizes that it is for reputation.	Hayek 将竞争视为事实发现的过程，并强调这是为了声誉。	1
Hazing involves student groups engaging in silly stunts and drinking games.	欺凌涉及学生团体参与愚蠢的特技和饮酒游戏。	2
HBU property, meaning land that in its current state has a higher market value for uses other than growing and selling timber.	HBU 财产，这意味着在其当前状态下，除种植和销售木材外，其他用途的市场价值更高的土地。	2
HCG diet drops are designed to help you lose those unwanted pounds.	HCG 减肥旨在帮助您减少多余的体重。	0
HCSAF Binder is used in formulated products either as a hydraulic binder by itself or with the addition of calcium sulphates or in combination with Portland cement.	HSAF 活页夹可用于配制产品，既可作为液压粘合剂本身使用，也可添加硫酸钙，也可与波特兰水泥结合使用。	1
He acquired a dog which has motivated him to increase his activity.	他获得了一只狗，这促使他增加了活动。	1
Head 5 minutes down the road and you straight into the main sqaure where you can have access to your local supermarket, bakery and top quality restaurants.	沿着这条路走 5 分钟，您将直接进入主广场，在那里您可以进入当地的超市，面包店和顶级餐厅。	1
Headaches typically occur because the dosage was too ...	通常会出现头痛，因为剂量太大 ...	1
He added that the team would be the foundation for Colonel Zobrist to build upon.	他补充说，该小组将是 Zobrist 上校在其基础上再接再厉的基础。	1
Header tags have been around since the first incarnations of the HTML language.	自 HTML 语言首次出现以来，标题标记就一直存在。	0
He adjusted himself back into his trousers and went to the kitchen.	他把自己重新调整到裤子里去厨房。	2
Headmaster Cross was taking a break by drinking some tea.	校长十字正喝茶休息一下。	2
He admits to her making him feel something and I do love that they both have the same reaction to the other.	他承认她让他感到某种感觉，我很喜欢他们对另一个有同样的反应。	2
He advised the proper use of TRAK would assist in meeting these targets.	他表示，适当使用易贸通可协助达致上述目标。	1
He agreed that students need more say and choices in their education, and that is beginning to happen.	他同意学生在教育方面需要更多的发言权和选择，这种情况正在开始发生。	0
He almost spilled it because his hands were shaking.	他几乎把它泼了，因为他的双手在晃动。	2
He already told the rest about his extreme idea and so far all had agreed to give it a try for the sake of just doing something.	他已经告诉了其他人他的极端想法，到目前为止，所有人都同意为了做点什么而尝试。	1
He also allegedly admitted to robbing a store at an Austin mall.	据称，他还承认抢劫了奥斯汀商场的一家商店。	0
He also brought in a geotechnical report from the firm he worked with over the summer to serve as an example.	他还带来了一份夏天与他共事的公司的地质技术报告，作为一个例子。	2
He also claimed that China had up to 1000 agents operating in Australia and said he had secretly helped the spiritual movement Falun Gong.	他还声称中国有多达 1000 名特工在澳大利亚活动，并说他秘密帮助了法轮功精神运动。	1
He also finished the APTN pilot Wolf Canyon and recently hosted the CBC comedy special Turtle Island Too.	他还完成了 APTN 飞行员 Wolf Canyon ，并于最近举办了 CBC 喜剧特调海龟岛。	2
He also has his old vincent hidden away near the safehouse.	他的老文森特也藏在安全屋附近。	1
He also never committed one hundred percent to any one woman.	他也从未对任何一名妇女作出过百分之百的承诺。	1
He also noted that the provinces with the highest rates of poverty are often the same provinces with the highest teen pregnancy and HIV prevalence rates.	他还指出，贫困率最高的省份往往是少女怀孕率和艾滋病毒感染率最高的省份。	1
He also reinforces there need for humility, and to not become haughty, but to be quiet, and to remember that the first shall be last.	他还强调需要谦卑，不是变得傲慢，而是要保持安静，并记住第一个应该是最后的。	2
He also reveals that physical beauty is much more than the surface looks of a person.	他还指出，身体的美远比人的表面的美。	2
He also saw that the room had a black book self full of books and next to the shelves was a black desk with a black chair.	他还看到，房间里有一本黑色书，里面装满了书籍，书架旁边是一张黑色的桌子和一张黑色的椅子。	2
He also touches upon meditation posture as well as stating the importance of continuing these 2 activities away from formal meditation practice.	他还谈到了冥想的姿势，并指出了在正式冥想实践之外继续这两项活动的重要性。	0
Health insurance helps you to be able to participate physically when you get to senior status.	健康保险可以帮助您在获得高级会员资格时亲自参与。	2
Health problems do occur but not every minute.	健康问题确实会发生，但并非每一分钟都有。	1
Health professionals and managers will require adequate tools to deliver appropriate services.	保健专业人员和管理人员将需要足够的工具来提供适当的服务。	1
Healthy food and regular daily physical activity to some extent depend on social conditions.	健康的食物和日常的体育活动在某种程度上取决于社会状况。	0
Healthy Recipes Healthy Recipes When people were asked in a survey if they felt they ate healthy foods, 70% responded believing the...	健康食谱健康食谱当调查询问人们是否认为他们吃了健康食品时， 70% 的人认为 ...	2
He amuses himself by watching Japanese cartoons and science fiction.	他通过观看日本漫画和科幻小说来为自己着迷。	2
He and his family are placed under house arrest.	He and his family are placed under house arrest.	2
He and Ivy had a beautiful little girl and named her Emma Wills.	他和伊维有一个美丽的小女孩，并将她命名为艾玛 · 韦斯。	2
He and the rest of the Akatsuki were moving into Konohagakure.	他和阿卡图苏基的其他人正在迁入科诺哈加库雷。	1
Heard a saying one time tho that said: Once a man divorces his wife and marries his mistress, that leaves a 'job opening'.	有一句话说：一个男人离婚妻子，娶了她的情妇，就留下了一个“工作机会”。	2
Hearing Haven says it can take a hearing aid that is several years old and upgrade it to newer technology for much less than a new hearing aid.	Hearing Haven 表示，它可以使用几年前的助听器，并将其升级到新技术，而成本远低于新助听器。	0
Hearing one of The Coronas' songs being played at an American high school dance was oddly reassuring to Camryn.	在美国一所高中舞蹈中，听到一首 Coronas 的歌曲，令卡姆琳感到奇怪的安心。	1
He asked about the cost of such matters as Royal Palaces to the British taxpayers.	他询问皇家宫殿等事项对英国纳税人的费用。	2
Heather graham is an American film and television actress.	海瑟 · 格雷厄姆是美国电影和电视演员。	0
Heather Joslyn is a features editor of The Chronicle of Philanthropy.	Heather Joslyn 是《慈善纪事》的专题编辑。	0
Heating pads are only safe on skin that has normal sensation.	加热垫仅在有正常感觉的皮肤上是安全的。	1
He attempted to gain information while simultaneously forfeiting the next year and a half of his life.	他试图获取信息，同时丧失了下一年半的生命。	2
Heavy or moistened breathing: while there are sacrificial respiratory hypos that can mingle strategy difficult, this is environmentally one of the distributors of irrigation that should always snuff overlooked.	呼吸过重或湿润：虽然有一些牺牲性呼吸假设可能难以融合策略，但这是环境上的灌溉分配者之一，应始终忽视它。	2
He backed down easily after I gave him a long stare down.	我把他的长盯着他，他很容易地退了下来。	2
He backed the smaller boy up into the wall and pressed their groins together.	他把小男孩支撑在墙上，把他们的腹股沟压在一起。	2
He barely tolerates Yuffie having it let alone a Turk!	他几乎不能容忍尤菲，更不用说土耳其了！	2
He began to wonder how people could even stand to work in places like this.	他开始想知道人们如何能够站在这样的地方工作。	2
He believed he wanted nothing more than he wanted that, but he had been wrong.	他认为他只想这样做，但他错了。	0
He bent down and picked up what looked like a mobile phone.	他弯下身，拿起一部看起来像手机的东西。	0
He bent to the oar, his boat rushed through the waves, and as he came one way, that white face moved steadily from the shore.	他向 oar 弯下身，他的船冲过海浪，当他走一条路时，白色的脸从岸边平稳地移动。	2
He blames myself and my youngest daughter S for his daughter R not coming around anymore.	他指责自己和我最小的女儿 S ，因为他的女儿 R 不再四处走动。	2
He bought a Stinson monoplane in 1929 and, accompanied by Doug Kelly, flew to New York to give his mother her first airplane ride.	1929 年，他买了一架斯金森单飞机，在道格 · 凯利的陪同下，飞往纽约，让他的母亲乘坐第一架飞机。	2
He brought Jack every spare blanket on the ship, made Jack drink until his face was flushed and his head was dizzy, then went and told Charter that Jack had caught a fever.	他把每一条空毯都带到船上，把杰克的饮料制成，直到他的脸被冲刷了，他的头头晕，然后他去告诉 Charter 杰克已经发烧了。	2
He brought the lighter up to his smoke, the flame dancing as his hand would not stop shaking.	他把打火机带到了他的烟中，火焰像他的手一样跳舞，不会停止摇晃。	2
He brushed his lips along his neck and Shinn whimpered.	他的嘴唇沿着脖子拉着，新恩也在打搅。	2
He called for the establishment of a social movement that would support the foundation of an independent Palestinian state within the 1967 borders with Jerusalem as its capital.	他呼吁建立一个社会运动，支持在 1967 年边界内建立一个以耶路撒冷为首都的独立巴勒斯坦国。	1
He called for the exchange of information between the police and intelligence organisations.	他呼吁警察和情报组织交流信息。	0
He called today asking me if were were going to go through with the deal, even though we were supposed to meet May 4,.	他今天打电话问我是否要完成这一交易，尽管我们应该在 5 月 4 日开会。	2
He came through the ranks with the same corruption that is IRGC culture.	他是以同样的腐败，即 IRGC 文化的形式进入这一行列的。	2
He came up behind a woman with long silky hair.	他走在一个长发丝状的女人后面。	2
He can hear his parents arguing in the kitchen, but he ignores them as he did for sixteen years.	他可以听到父母在厨房里争吵，但他却像 16 年来一样无视他们。	1
He can turn on the charm with a smile, but also conveys a gritty and fierce determination as he tackles the weather head on.	他可以用微笑开启魅力，但也能在应对天气时表现出一种坚毅和强烈的决心。	1
He captained the club to success in the 2007 Derry Senior Football Championship.	他在 2007 年德利高级足球锦标赛上成功带领球队取得了胜利。	0
He caught her easily and hauled her to him, her arms unwrapping from around her waist and scrabbling against the warm skin of his back.	他很容易抓住她，把她带到他身边，她的手臂从腰部解开，并在他背部温暖的皮肤上刮着。	2
He caught his breath and put a hand on his wildly beating heart, feeling the pain.	他呼吸着，把手放在他那疯狂跳动的心脏上，感受到了痛苦。	0
He caught sight of a bursting water fountain only twenty or so steps away, which sat at the center of the plaza.	他看到了一个位于广场中心的喷泉，距离喷泉只有 20 多步之遥。	1
He celebrated the occasion by building a lavish palace.	他通过建造一座豪华的宫殿来庆祝这一节日。	1
He certainly has the skills to help fill a need at CB in the Pittsburgh secondary.	他当然有能力帮助满足匹兹堡中学的 CB 需求。	1
He chronicles the processes used in developing and implementing changes, and then the reactions of various groups of people to the changes being implemented.	他记录了在制定和实施变革过程中使用的过程，然后记录了不同群体对正在实施的变革的反应。	1
He chuckled softly at the image Ran painted.	他轻轻地笑着，看着那幅画。	1
He cited conscientious reasons and declared his resignation from the Navy.	他列举了出于良心的理由，并宣布辞去海军职务。	0
He claims that he wanted to challenge Adam when Adam was trying his hardest.	他声称，当亚当最努力的时候，他想挑战亚当。	2
He closed the door on the way out.	他在出门的路上关上了门。	1
He comes out early to help support our teammates for longer runs and varies his pace to meet the needs of others.	他很早就出来帮助支持我们的队友延长跑步时间，并根据他人的需要改变速度。	1
He comes to Earth and begins making batteries charged with human cells for Broodwing for his ultimate plan.	他来到地球，开始为 Broodwing 制造电池，为他的最终计划充电。	2
He commands authority and respect, and in turn respects those who do their job well and do not misuse their power.	他拥有权威和尊重，并反过来尊重那些做得好，不滥用权力的人。	0
He comments to her with a big smile that if she drinks much more, she will be like Jimmy Redgrave.	他带着一个大大的微笑对她说，如果她喝得更多，她就像吉米 · 雷德格雷夫一样。	1
He continued to do so for several minutes until he lost all his energy and collapsed.	他继续这样做了几分钟，直到他失去了所有的能量并崩溃。	1
He continues to develop his experience in improvisation and in electroacoustic music.	他继续发展自己在即兴演奏和电声音乐方面的经验。	1
He continues to this day to deal with the loss of his best friend Sasuke Uchiha and the feelings he has for the girl he loves Sakura.	他至今仍在处理他的最佳朋友佐木克 · 乌奇哈的损失以及他对他爱樱的女孩的感情。	1
He coughed a few times and turned to stare at her slowly.	他咳嗽了几次，然后慢慢地向她盯着。	2
He could be making many more dollars outside of the military.	他可以在军队之外多花些钱。	2
He could be sentenced to 60 years in prison if convicted on all four counts of conspiracy and material support to terrorism.	如果他因所有四项阴谋和对恐怖主义的物质支持罪而被定罪，他可以被判处 60 年徒刑。	1
He could be that he is even lying to you about not giving up on you.	他可能是在向你说谎，说不放弃你。	0
He could feel his face getting red from the sudden change in temperature between the inside of the hospital and the bitter winter chill from outside.	由于医院内部温度的突然变化和外面寒冷的冬季，他可以感觉到脸上的红光。	1
He could feel his on systems overheating and his face beginning to blush at the sight.	他可以感觉到他的系统过热，他的脸在眼前开始发红。	2
He could have a structural polyradiculopathy causing weakness and sensory changes, but it would be unusual without back pain or prominent sensory complaints in the extremities.	他可能会有结构性多种神经系统病导致虚弱和感觉改变，但如果没有背部疼痛或肢体中明显的感官抱怨，这种情况将是不寻常的。	2
He could have just handed it to one of the digimon and walked off.	他本可以把它交给一个迪金斯，然后走了。	1
He could not reveal his position and jeopardize Christine.	他不能透露自己的立场，危害了克里斯汀。	2
He could prove that he had a girlfriend.	他可以证明自己有一个女朋友。	0
He could still recognize the hurt in those beautiful dark brown eyes of hers he grew to like so much.	他还能认出她那美丽的深褐色眼睛中的伤痛，她长大后非常喜欢。	2
He counts atoms in his head until the little bird materializes in his room.	他在他的脑袋里数着原子，直到小鸟在他的房间里出现。	1
He craned his head forward but stopped with a sharp gasp.	他向前开了头，但用一个尖锐的气垫停下来。	2
He demands much of us and throws down the gauntlet to the fatal disease of complacency that has infected us.	他对我们提出了很大的要求，并将这种不满情绪抛在了感染我们的致命疾病的身上。	1
He describes the growth of biennials and other art events across the globe in the 1990s, the construction of new museums of contemporary art, and the expansion of many museums already in existence.	他描述了 1990 年代全球双年度和其他艺术活动的增长，新的当代艺术博物馆的建设以及许多已有博物馆的扩展。	1
He did two tours in Vietnam and earned two Purple Hearts, according to Golfweek magazine.	据《 Golfweek 》杂志报道，他在越南进行了两次旅行，赢得了两颗紫心。	2
He died all of our deaths at Calvary.	他死了我们在卡尔费尔特里斯的所有死亡。	2
He died as a result of injuries suffered in a crash during a practice session at New Hampshire Motor Speedway.	他因在新罕布什尔州赛车场的一场练习赛中撞车受伤而死亡。	0
He does always seem to know everything, and I can see now that he is calm because he has already dealt with it and now he is waiting for everyone else to accept it too.	他似乎总是知道一切，现在我可以看到他是冷静的，因为他已经处理过这个问题，现在他也在等待其他人接受这个问题。	1
He does a pretty good job using his Celtic worlds and characters to present attractive, unique portraits of Christianity.	他用他的凯尔特人的世界和人物来展示具有吸引力的独特基督教肖像，做得非常好。	1
He does not believe that the authors have actually made the journey themselves but are simply quoting the best time for winds and currents.	他不相信作者确实是自己完成了这一旅程，而只是简单地引用了最佳的风速和水流时间。	2
He doubled over slightly as he tried to catch his balance.	他在试图取得平衡时，略微翻了一番。	0
He drew a deep breath and put his hands around his neck.	他深呼吸，双手绕着脖子。	1
He drew the veil down in front of the mirror and finally took the mink coat down from its hanger.	他在镜子前把面纱向下拉，最后从衣架上拿走了薄荷衣。	1
He drew up what I needed in a matter of a few minutes and we looked at two or three different versions of the concept... picked one and went with it.	他在几分钟的时间内就提出了我需要的东西，我们看了两到三个不同版本的概念 ... 选择了一个并进行了讨论。	0
He dropped his hand immediately with a frustrated groan.	他立刻放下手，带着沮丧的呻吟。	2
He dropped out of warp and shut down all power except those vital to survival and hoped the Kirgon Pirate cruiser would miss him.	他放弃了军阀，关闭了除对生存至关重要的权力之外的所有权力，并希望基尔贡 · 皮拉特巡洋舰会想念他。	2
Hedwig flittered over to her master and lightly pecked his hand.	赫德维希向师父轻指了一下。	2
Hedwig swooped down and landed on the railing of one of the balconies, Harry landing on the porch beside her.	Hedwig 下了斜，落在一个阳台的栏杆上，哈里在她旁边的门廊上着陆。	1
He encountered the Lady Arwen in the antechamber of the Hall of Elendil.	他在埃伦迪尔大厅的前身见到了阿尔文夫人。	1
He ended up at quite a low pressure.	他最终在相当低的压力下结束了这场活动。	1
He enjoyed being close to the woman that had haunted him for so long.	他很喜欢和那位长期困扰他的女人亲近。	1
Heero always showed her enough how he loved her.	Heero 总是向她展示他对她的爱。	0
Heero brought the stolen ambulance to a skidding halt right outside the fancy, frosted glass doors of St. Bethel.	Heero 将被盗的救护车带到圣贝瑟尔华丽的磨砂玻璃门外的一个滑板停处。	1
He even agreed to do his homework with less and less reluctance every time, partly he felt that the work is not as difficult as before after her tutorials.	他甚至同意每次都不那么犹豫地做功课，部分地说，他觉得这项工作并不像在教程之后那么困难。	1
He eventually returned and told us that everything was good and that the car was ours.	他最终返回并告诉我们一切都很好，而且这辆车是我们的。	0
He even went as far as to request the type and colour of cut flowers that the residents might have in the living room.	他甚至还要求居民在客厅里可能有的切花的类型和颜色。	1
He explores the relation between vision and sound, the vague boundaries of the visible and the audible, and he tends to move on a thin line between the moving and the static image.	他探索了视觉和声音之间的关系，视觉和听觉的模糊界限，并且他倾向于在移动图像和静态图像之间的细线上移动。	1
He fails to comply so Maza repeats the order in Spanish.	他没有遵守，因此 Maza 用西班牙语重复了这一命令。	0
He features an innovative joint system that allows you to pose him in a realistic manner.	他采用创新的联合系统，让您能够以现实的方式摆好他的姿势。	2
He felt a moment of disorientation as the room shifted before his eyes and melted away.	当房间在他的眼睛前移并融化时，他感到一种不适应的感觉。	2
He felt a presence behind him and figured it was Tyler.	他感觉到他背后有一个存在，他认为这是泰勒。	1
He felt them trail down his back and draw lazy circles softly with their fingernails.	他觉得他们沿着他的背部走下去，用指甲轻轻地画了懒人的圈。	2
He fiddled around and came up with a game he called Lexico, but failed to receive a patent for it in 1933.	他四处闲逛，并提出了一个他称之为“莱克索”的游戏，但在 1933 年没有获得专利。	0
He finally went with a bag of salt and vinegar chips.	他最后带着一袋盐和醋薯片去了。	2
He finds it too limiting of his desire to tinker with things and personally correct all the wrongs of this country.	他认为这太限制了他对事物的修补和个人纠正这个国家的所有错误的愿望。	2
He flies into Larnaca on one of the regular and inexpensive flights and then makes his way north.	他乘坐一班普通且便宜的航班飞往拉纳卡，然后向北飞去。	0
He flopped down on his bunk and passed out.	他在他的下铺下了下铺，然后离开了。	2
He followed her up the stairs, deciding that he should change clothes as well.	他跟着她走楼梯，决定也要换衣服。	0
He found himself someone at first who was willing to play the game opposite him, the Greatest Distraction as Jim liked to call him.	他发现自己有人——起初——愿意在他的对面玩游戏，这是吉姆喜欢给他的最大干扰。	1
He found the old man quite amusing and of course it had pleased his son immensely to be given the young man that he had found so delectable.	他发现这位老人很有趣，当然，他的儿子很高兴能得到他发现如此美味的年轻人。	2
He fundamentally permitted us to be sinners in order for God to save us and make us His children with the baptism of Jesus Christ and His blood.	他从根本上允许我们成为罪人，以便神拯救我们，并通过耶稣基督的洗礼和他的血使我们成为他的儿女。	2
He gave a bitter laugh and there was a slight glimmer in his violet eyes.	他笑了一个苦笑，他的紫色眼睛里有一个轻微的瞥。	2
He gave a confused look, but then backed off all the same, smiling as he understood why.	他给了一个困惑的目光，但随后却以同样的方式，微笑着，因为他明白了为什么。	1
He gave her his family heirloom to sell for a large sum of money, which promptly she did.	他给了她的家人一个铁织机卖了一大笔钱，她很快就卖了。	2
He gave some impressive statistics concerning the number of patients served by the Foundation.	他提供了一些令人印象深刻的关于基金会所服务的病人人数的统计数字。	1
He glanced at the stack of folders on the desk and sighed again.	他瞥了一眼桌子上的一堆文件夹，又看见了。	2
He glanced up annoyed, and ready to snap back, only to halt as he saw a man in a blue uniform.	他愤怒地望着，准备着向后跳，只是在看到一个身穿蓝色制服的男人时停下来。	1
He goes back and forth between the piano and the keyboard.	他在钢琴和键盘之间来回走动。	1
He goes from house to house looking for work and trying to stay away from the Germans.	他从家中到家中寻找工作，并试图远离德国人。	2
He grabbed on my tails and I bit my lip to keep from scratching him.	他抓住了我的尾巴，我的嘴唇不会刮伤他。	2
He grinned at his complexion happy to be seen like this on his first day.	第一天，他高兴地看到他的肤色。	1
He grinned at Renee as if there was a secret joke between them.	他对雷尼说，好像他们之间有一个秘密的笑话。	1
He growled like a dog who was hunting for its food.	他像一只正在寻找食物的狗一样长大。	2
He had a lot more to think about now.	他现在还有很多事情要考虑。	0
He had also forgotten what a big airhead she was.	他还忘记了她是一个大气头。	2
He had a whipple in January and an infection post op which put him on 3 weeks of antibiotics at home through a Picc line.	他在 1 月份有一只白鲸和一个感染后的病毒，通过 PICC 线在家里用了 3 周的抗生素。	2
He had been happily cuddling it when I walked in.	当我走进去的时候，他很高兴地拥抱着它。	1
He had been influenced to study Petroleum Engineering and to work in the Oil business after watching The Troubleshooters, a 1970s television programme about the oil industry.	他在观看了一个 1970 年代的石油行业电视节目《故障排除者》后，受到了影响，学习了石油工程，并在石油业务中工作。	1
He had been waiting three nights to greet me.	他等了三个晚上迎接我。	1
He had both mitral and prosthetic aortic valve replacements but postoperatively developed multiorgan failure and died despite the intensive support.	他同时更换了二尖瓣和假体主动脉瓣，但术后发展为多器官衰竭，尽管得到了大量支持，但他仍死亡。	1
He had come up with an attack that would be based around this.	他提出了一个基于此的攻击。	1
He had felt elated when she accepted his proposal.	当她接受他的建议时，他感到很受欢迎。	1
He had finally agreed to meet to assuage his curiosity.	他终于同意见面，以减轻他的好奇心。	2
He had grown into a fine young cat in her absence.	在她不在的情况下，他成长为一只好的小猫。	1
He had immediately taken her to the royal mechanics, but they had tried everything to fix her without success.	他立刻把她带到了皇家机械师那里，但他们尽了一切努力来修复她，但没有成功。	1
He had left the common room before she entered and went into his room.	他在进入房间之前就离开了公共休息室，然后进入了他的房间。	1
He had not thought about it in a long time and now considered that he had possessed a laughable amount of skill back then.	他很久没有想到过，现在认为他当时掌握了一个令人可笑的技能。	1
He had only told me what had transpired during his battles in Hueco Mundo once he had regained his Shinigami powers months later.	他只是在几个月后重新获得了神的权力之后，才告诉我在休克蒙多的战斗中发生了什么。	1
He had prominent facial bones that men thought of as marks of a determined spirit and women thought of as marks of strength.	他的面部骨很突出，男人认为这是坚定精神的标志，女人认为这是力量的标志。	0
He had spent so many cold nights sitting in this bush throughout the years; he was almost too tall for the poor shrub to conceal him anymore.	多年来，他一直在这个丛林中度过了如此多的寒冷夜晚；他几乎太高了，不能让可怜的灌木掩盖他。	2
He had to be careful not to play bumper cars since there were a lot of automated forklifts driving around moving cardboard boxes everywhere.	他必须小心不要玩碰碰车，因为到处都有许多自动叉车在移动纸板箱周围行驶。	1
He had to get home before the sun rose and burned the fog off and exposed him to the derision of the world.	他必须在太阳升起前回家，把雾烧掉，让他暴露在世界的下。	2
He had told no one about the Goddess, Jilly, or how he was in the woods or how she helped him.	他没有告诉任何人关于女神杰利，或者他是如何在树林里，或者她是如何帮助他的。	2
He happily sang the classic tune while celebrating his coming of age.	他在庆祝他的年龄到来的同时，高兴地唱了经典的调。	2
He hardly took more than his retainers and a token squad of soldiers primarily because no one could stand up to him.	He hardly took more than his retainers and a token squad of soldiers primarily because no one could stand up to him.	2
He has a brief vision of a future where Carrie is living in his apartment.	他对 Carrie 居住在他的公寓里的未来有一个简短的愿景。	1
He has a chance to digest it without me explaining or justifying it.	他有机会在我没有解释或说明理由的情况下消化它。	1
He has already signed over his parental rights to the children and faces a status hearing in his case on Aug. 18.	他已经签署了对子女的父母权利，并在 8 月 18 日的案件中面临身份听证会。	2
He has an endearing, although sometimes annoying, habit of trying to sleep on my neck in the middle of the night.	他有一种在半夜试图睡在我脖子上的令人愉快的习惯，尽管有时很烦人。	1
He has asked every American to commit to at least one year of higher education or career training.	他要求每一位美国人至少接受一年的高等教育或职业培训。	0
He has been enjoying this controller so much and is workign on getting another one asap.	他一直很喜欢这位控制器，并正在准备尽快获得另一位控制器。	1
He has been searching for him far too long.	他寻找他的时间太长了。	0
He has come out of the closet to only a few close gay friends and me.	他从衣橱里出来，只有几个亲密的同性恋朋友和我。	2
He has connected people by promoting good relationships between young people and the local community as well as by using his sign language skills to help deaf people access the Centre.	他通过促进年轻人与当地社区之间的良好关系以及使用手语技能帮助聋人进入该中心，将人们联系起来。	0
He has had more court dates than tour dates and has become somewhat of a laughing stock in the music world.	他的开庭日期比旅游日期多，在音乐世界中有些笑柄。	2
He has had much success in gaining information from witnesses in both insurance and criminal defense cases which can be attributed to the many hours of interview experience, and training while in the law enforcement community.	He has had much success in gaining information from witnesses in both insurance and criminal defence cases which can be attributed to the many hours of interview experience, and training while in the law enforcement community.	2
He has no respect for women and minorities.	他不尊重妇女和少数民族。	0
He has served on the board of many Christian organizations which include the Scripture Union, Graduates Christian Fellowship, the National Council of Churches, the Evangelical Fellowship of Singapore and the Lausanne Committee on World Evangelization.	他曾在许多基督教组织的董事会任职，这些组织包括圣经协会，基督教毕业生联谊会，全国教会理事会，新加坡福音会和洛桑世界福音派委员会。	0
He has since left Greenpeace, and says he has become disillusioned by the direction Greenpeace has taken.	此后，他离开了绿色和平运动，并说他对绿色和平运动的方向感到失望。	1
He has since returned all smiles to the soccer field and play yard where he has forcefully earned the respect and admiration of his compañeros and community.	此后，他将所有微笑都带回了足球场和游乐场，在那里他赢得了他的 compañeros 和社区的尊重和钦佩。	2
He has to leave me clinging to nothing but him.	他只能让我只能与他连在一起。	2
He hated turning his back on the injured woman.	他讨厌对受伤的女人背着头。	2
He heard about the program at the Royal Court and went to England to see for himself.	他在皇家法庭上听说过这个节目，并亲自去英国看。	0
He heard a rustle in the bushes next to him.	他听见隔壁的灌木丛里有一只红毛。	2
He heard Dragon groaned as he shook him and slowly got himself off the ground, giving a good sign that he is alright.	他听见龙在摇晃他的同时，还在慢慢地把自己从地上赶走，这就很好地表明他是好的。	2
He heard her retching not far away and got up to follow with a small groan of pain.	他听见她在不远处的阵痛，然后起来跟着一小股痛苦的阵痛。	2
He held her closer as their kiss deepened.	当他们的亲吻加深时，他把她拉得更近。	0
He held special training sessions on home teaching as part of the regular quorum instruction to teach the brethren how to relate to families, how to fellowship inactive members, and how to carry out similar responsibilities.	他举办了家庭教学特别培训课程，作为常规法定人数教学的一部分，向兄弟教授如何与家庭联系，如何为不活动的成员提供奖学金以及如何履行类似的责任。	0
He held that position until he left the Senate in 1995.	他一直担任这一职务，直到 1995 年他离开参议院为止。	0
He held up his hands, mouth open, before pointing his fingers at her as if coming to the end of his rant and starting a new tanget.	他举起双手，开口嘴，然后把手指指向她，仿佛到了他的下马，开始了新的探戈。	2
He hopes to travel more to collect more data that could better inform indices.	他希望能够进行更多的旅行，以收集更多能够更好地为指数提供信息的数据。	1
He hummed appreciatively and moved his feet apart, leaning back against the wall the way I had done, his erection bumping my cheek.	他很明显地谦卑了起来，把双脚分开了，像我做的那样靠在墙上，他的竖立撞了我的脸颊。	2
He idly wondered why as he kept his eyes trained on the game below.	他不明白为什么他的眼睛在下面的比赛中训练得这么好。	2
He immediately called Judge Dever and notified him of the drafting error.	他立即打电话给 Dever 法官，并将起草错误通知他。	0
He immediately followed that up with a gasp of pain.	他立即用一阵痛的阵痛跟进了这一问题。	2
He is able to offer surgery at either the Spire or Nuffield Hospitals.	他能够在 Spire 或 Nuffield 医院提供手术。	2
He is a little arrogant and too sure of his battling prowess, but has the power behind his claws to back it up.	他有点傲慢，对自己的战斗能力太有把握了，但他的爪子背后有力量支撑它。	2
He is also a Chartered Professional Engineer with Engineers Australia, and a full member of the Society of Flight Test Engineers.	他还是澳大利亚工程师的特许专业工程师，也是飞行测试工程师协会的正式成员。	0
He is also licensed as a mortgage originator in Washington and a Real Estate Agent in California.	他还被许可为华盛顿的抵押贷款发起人和加利福尼亚州的房地产代理。	0
He is always willing to share tips and has on many occasions changed his schedule so that he can accommodate a fellow runner.	他总是愿意分享技巧，并多次改变日程，以便能够容纳同跑者。	1
He is a rare breed and will truly be missed.	他是一个罕见的品种，将会被真正的遗忘。	2
He is as explosive as any offensive player in the draft, and will bring an immediate boost of speed to whatever team selects him.	他与任何进攻球员一样具有爆发力，无论球队选择他，他都会立即提高速度。	1
He is being so very brave in spite of where he now finds himself.	尽管他现在已经找到了自己，但他还是非常勇敢。	1
He is constantly confronted with obstacles such as people and objects in his way, intense weather conditions and brick walls.	他经常遇到各种障碍，如人和物体，恶劣的天气条件和砖墙。	1
He is great leader and the people of venezuela should be proud to have lenin aguilera marciales serving them.	他是伟大的领导人，委内瑞拉人民应该为列宁 · 阿吉拉马尔西亚莱斯为他们服务而感到自豪。	1
He is hypercompetent at his work to compensate for his complete failure at human relationships.	他在工作中能力非常强，能够弥补他在人际关系中的完全失败。	1
He is in otherwise good condition and was escorted out of the wilderness.	He is in otherwise good condition and was escorted out of the wilderny.	2
He is known for writing Christian Fiction, which I generally do not read, but this novel was a psychological thriller so I decided to give it a try.	他以写《基督教小说》而闻名，我一般不读，但这本小说是一个心理刺激者，所以我决定试一试。	1
He is living proof that genuine independence and freedom come from within oneself.	他活的证明，真正的独立和自由来自自己。	2
He is married and has three children who have all graduated from HHS.	他已婚，有三个孩子，都是从 HHS 毕业的。	0
He is not comfortable with Search Companion in Windows XP.	他对 Windows XP 中的 Search Companion 不满意。	0
He is not even on the weekends anymore and Ian and George are not even close to being as entertaining as ART.	他甚至不是周末，伊恩和乔治甚至不像艺术那样有趣。	1
He is now pointed out as the king and the priest.	他现在被指出为王和祭司。	2
He is openly gay, but has recently become more comfortable sharing his personal experiences as a gay man and in the conversation that follows he publicly and for the first time outlines exactly why.	他是公开的同性恋，但最近更愿意分享他作为同性恋的个人经历——在随后的公开对话中，首次明确说明了原因。	1
He is pain free at the moment and so happy but I know I will lose him soon.	他目前没有疼痛，很高兴，但我知道我很快就会失去他。	1
He is something the country has not seen in a very long time.	他是这个国家在很长一段时间内没有看到的东西。	2
He is so relaxed between them that he has a bit lost the trail of this conversation.	他在他们之间感到非常放松，以至于他有点失去了这次对话的线索。	1
He is the best at what he does no doubt about that.	他是最优秀的人，他对此毫不怀疑。	1
He is the first Guantanamo suspect to face a civilian court.	He is the first Guantanamo suspect to face a civilian court.	2
He is the music librarian for Case Western Reserve University .	他是 Case Western Reserve University 的音乐图书馆员。	1
He is the perfect fit in our family.	他是我们家庭的完美选择。	1
He is well known for his relationships with supermodels such as Naomi Campbell and Heidi Klum, whom he has a child with.	他与 Naomi Campbell 和 Heidi Klum 等超级模型的关系众所周知，他与这些超级模型有孩子。	2
He kissed her passionately, grabbing under her ass and pulling her so tight up into him that her feet lifted off the ground.	他热情地吻了她，抓住她的身子，把她拉得太紧了，她的双脚从地上抬了下来。	2
He kissed my lips and then gave me a tight bear hug.	他亲吻了我的嘴唇，然后给了我一个紧的熊拥抱。	2
He knees Pete in the groin and then prepares to hit him again.	他把皮特膝在腹股沟里，然后准备再次打他。	2
He knelt down beside Jack and examined the small Viking.	他在杰克旁边跪下，检查了小维京人号。	1
He knew it was there; he had sent for Lucius' papers to be read and his wishes to be fulfilled.	他知道这件事在那里；他已将卢修斯的论文送交阅读，并希望得到满足。	2
He knew Marilla knew and that Diana suspected something, but he never let anything slip when talking to either one of them.	他知道玛丽拉知道，戴安娜怀疑有什么东西，但他在与其中任何一人交谈时从未让任何东西滑过。	2
He knew several of the Marines but none of the ones he was familiar with were aboard or lived on this deck.	他知道几个海军陆战队，但他熟悉的海军陆战队没有一个在甲板上或在甲板上生活。	1
He knew that eventually she would break through his defenses.	他知道她最终会突破他的防守。	1
He knew that sleep would not come to him tonight.	他知道今晚不会入睡。	0
He knew that they needed to stop but his muscles refused to push her away.	他知道他们需要停下来，但他的肌肉拒绝把她推开。	2
He knew there was no way that Cuddy would let one of her department heads leave their jobs so easily even if it was only on a temporary basis.	他知道 Cuddy 不可能让她的一位部门主管如此轻松地离开工作岗位，即使只是暂时的。	2
He knew this feeling of lassitude that was dragging his body down and dragging at his mind.	他知道这种孤寂的感觉，这种感觉正拖着他的身体，拖着他的脑子。	1
He knew what diapers dad bought for Sammy... they were called Pampers and Dean knew all the letters from looking at the box.	他知道爸爸为 Sammy 买了什么尿布 ... 他们被称为“宠爱人”，而 Dean 从看着盒子就知道所有的信。	2
He knocked on the door as she opened it.	他在开门时敲了门。	0
He knows it will take about an hour, but is willing to do it to have a nice home.	他知道这需要一个小时，但他愿意做这项工作来建立一个美好的家园。	0
He knows that he cannot have the one without the other.	他知道，他不可能有一个没有另一个。	2
He knows that to train somebody new would take weeks, if not months.	他知道，培训新的人需要数周，甚至数月。	0
He labored so hard for the entire family.	他为整个家庭付出了巨大的努力。	0
He landed in a crouch and looked at jack.	他在一个蹲伏的地方降落，望着杰克。	2
He leaned across the table and spoke in a low growl.	他靠在桌子上，低头说话。	0
He leapt from the bed and stood directly in front of Heri in a defensive position, separating the small boy from Dumbledore, and looking furious.	他从床上跳下，直接站在赫里的前面，站在防守位置，将小男孩与杜布莱多分开，看起来很愤怒。	2
He led Hendrick Motorsports teammate Mark Martin across the finish line, and closed his gap to just 10 points to Martin.	他带领亨德里克赛车队的队友马克 · 马丁越过终点线，并与马丁之间的差距仅为 10 分。	1
He let go of her hand and pulled out a scarf from his coat pockets.	他放开手，从衣袋中拿出一条围巾。	0
He let go of her waist and reached over to the bedside table to pick up his glasses.	他让她的腰部离开，走到床头柜，拿起眼镜。	2
He let his thoughts wander, as he remembered the cold lonely orphanage after Jacob left and the thought caused him unbearable pain that he quickly buried it.	当他想起雅各离开后的寒冷孤独的孤儿院时，他让他的想法徘徊，这种想法给他带来了难以忍受的痛苦，他很快就把它埋葬了。	2
He let out a pretty loud yawn as his eyes focused.	当他的眼睛集中时，他发出了一个相当大的大的黎明。	2
He likes to party and is pretty much upfor anything fun.	他喜欢开派对，对任何乐趣都有很大的支持。	2
Helium isotopic ratios in accretion ice may only reflect recent glacial meltwater and not the chemical composition of the deeper waters of Lake Vostok.	冰冰中的氦同位素比可能只反映最近的冰川融化物，而不是沃斯托克湖深水域的化学成分。	2
He lived because he knew that he had been given arsenic poisoning and so informed his doctors.	He lived because he knew that he had been given arsenic poisoning and so informed his doctors.	2
Hell, even the gang from Boy Meets World managed to contrive a way to end up in the exact same place for another four years.	地狱，连来自“男孩与世界”的黑帮也设法找到了一种方式，在另外四年里最终在同一个地方结束。	2
Hello I am getting a message that says no maps found when I enter the gps menu.	你好，当我进入 GPS 菜单时，我收到一条消息，说没有找到地图。	1
Hello, I have a home made computer and have 2 fans on the case, the back one always runs and is loud as its going so fast and the other doesnt move hardly ever.	你好，我有一台家用电脑，机箱上有两个风扇，后面的风扇总是在运行，声音很大，另一个风扇几乎不会移动。	1
Hello Members, It time to vote for your favorite images from our June Member ...	大家好，现在是时候投票支持我们 6 月会员给您最喜爱的图片了 ...	2
Hell, one of the times he drove all the way from Madison to Alma to watch us play.	地狱，有一次他开车从麦迪逊到阿尔玛看我们玩耍。	1
Hello World phone card - low rates for calling from Cyprus to Macedonia The Hello World card offers you the absolute lowest rate for calling Macedonia from Cyprus.	Hello World 电话卡 - 从塞浦路斯到马其顿的低费率 Hello World 卡为您提供从塞浦路斯呼叫马其顿的绝对最低费率。	1
He looked after the warning and began to read.	他照看了警告，开始读了。	2
He looked around angrily at the culprit who tore him from the flight of his imagination.	他在周围愤怒地望着那些将他从想象中赶下的凶手。	2
He looked around the dark and deserted streets, trying to assess his surroundings even for a brief second.	他在黑暗和荒凉的街道上四处走动，试图评估周围的环境，哪怕只是短暂的一秒钟。	1
He looked around the room quickly and took note that everyone was arriving in class.	他很快地在房间里四处看看，注意到每个人都在上课。	0
He looked at me curiously and concerned and then hugged me tightly .	他好奇地看着我，关心他，然后紧紧地拥抱我。	2
He looked on Annie and decided in a moment what he should do.	他看了安妮，一会儿就决定了他应该怎么做。	1
He looked up again to the windows of the forensic laboratory and shook his head.	他再次抬头看法医实验室的窗户，摇头。	1
He looked up into the sky, imagining what it would be like to be a bird.	他望着天空，想象着做一只鸟的样子。	0
He looks up at Naomi once before he drinks it like a parched man, tips his head back so he gets all of it.	他先抬头看 Naomi ，然后再喝一杯，就像一个教人一样，把头向后俯瞰，这样他就能把所有的东西都拿回来。	1
He lost two match points before blasting a backhand down the line winner to move into the final after a 2 hour and 27-minute battle.	在 2 小时 27 分钟的比赛后，他在比赛中输掉了 2 个积分，然后向获胜选手打倒了一个手背，进入决赛。	2
He loved anime and manga and still watched Tokusatsu.	他喜欢动漫和漫画，仍然看着东松。	1
He loved her and the whole world should know.	他爱她，全世界都应该知道。	0
He loved to see Dean annoyed by this little girl.	他很喜欢看到迪恩对这个小女孩感到恼怒。	0
Helpful information for anyone visiting or relocating to Okinawa.	对任何到冲绳旅游或搬迁到冲绳的人来说都是有用的信息。	0
Help improve western digital by sharing your customer feedback with us.	通过与我们分享您的客户反馈，帮助改进 Western Digital 。	0
Help us to make high quality early child care accessible to all New York Families by filling out this brief survey .	通过填写此简短调查，帮助我们使所有纽约家庭都能获得高质量的幼儿保育服务。	0
Help your friend rebuild the disturbed mountain for his turn.	帮助你的朋友重建被打扰的山峰，让他转向。	2
Helu knocked Bill Gates out of the top spot for only the second time in 15 years.	赫卢在 15 年中仅第二次将比尔 · 盖茨从最高位置撞出。	2
He made it sound as if laughing was something really bad and should be banned for life never mind the fact that my dad apparently loves hearing mister Malfoy laugh, Harry thought.	他听起来好像笑真的很糟糕，应该被禁止生活——不介意我爸爸显然喜欢听马尔福伊的笑，哈里认为。	1
He made that decision years before they were reunited.	他是在他们重新团聚之前几年作出这一决定的。	1
He made up this story about being there with the accounting bowling league and he said he heard my date get a phone call and that he had to leave.	他讲述了一个关于参加会计保龄球联赛的故事，他说他听到我的约会打电话，他不得不离开。	1
He managed to tear his eyes away just in time as Jareth glanced over his shoulder.	当亚雷斯望着他的肩膀时，他立刻把眼睛撕开了。	2
He massaged his destination with experienced fingers, and she writhed with pleasure on his bed.	他用经验丰富的手指按摩了目的地，她在床上愉快地离开了目的地。	2
He may need some extra comfort if he is sleeping in a new place but, try to avoid the trap of having him sleep with you.	如果他在一个新的地方睡觉，他可能需要一些额外的舒适，但是，尽量避免让他和你一起睡觉的陷阱。	2
He merely smiled and slid his hands across her hips when she deliberately directed the thought towards him.	当她故意把思想指向他时，他只是笑了，把手滑过她的臀部。	2
He might already achieved it if especially depending.	如果他特别依赖，他可能已经实现了这一目标。	1
He might just have to test their loyalties out.	他可能只需要检验他们的忠诚。	0
He might not have done so if he had stopped to think that, without a rule or officers, each Franciscan was free to do whatever he (and later she) thought was right.	如果他停止认为，没有一个或多个规则，每一个方济会都可以自由地做他（后来她）认为正确的任何事情，那么他可能不会这样做。	1
He misses notes he could have easily hit and stumbles over his feet during the dance routines.	他错过了在舞蹈过程中他可能很容易被击中并在脚上跌倒的笔记。	2
He moved closer to my face glaring right into my eyes.	他更接近我的脸，直视我的眼睛。	2
He must have fallen asleep, because when he opened his eyes the windows were dark and he was no longer alone.	他肯定已经睡着了，因为当他打开眼睛时，窗户是黑暗的，他已经不是一个人了。	1
He must have sensed how frantic I was.	他一定已经意识到我是多么的疯狂。	1
Hence connection skills are some of the good marketable skills to use a continue.	因此，联系技能是使用继续的一些良好的可销售技能。	2
Hence, those initial elderly whose consumption is solely financed by social security benefits would see no increase in their remaining lifetime net tax burden.	因此，那些消费完全由社会保障福利供资的初始老年人，其剩余的终身净税收负担将不会增加。	1
He needed to just relax and recuperate so he decided to do research on the Giantdowns and loose himself in some books.	他只需要放松和恢复体力，所以他决定研究一下巨人队，并在一些书中放松自己。	1
He never gives us a clear statement, but it seems clear that one important element in that purpose is Miranda.	他从未给我们一个明确的发言，但似乎很清楚，这方面的一个重要因素是米兰达。	1
He nipped the skin and suckled around it, his tongue drawing random patterns along the vein.	他把皮肤打了出来，用舌头沿着静脉随意画图案。	2
Henna Artists Traditional henna art has been practiced for centuries, using the powder derived from the henna plant to stain and decorate the skin.	Henna 艺术家传统的 Henna 艺术已经实践了几个世纪，使用从 Henna 植物中衍生出来的粉末染色和装饰皮肤。	1
He no longer cared that he was angry at Derek.	他不再关心他对德里克的愤怒。	1
He noted that HIPPA is intended to provide improved efficiency in healthcare delivery by standardizing electronic data interchange, and provide specific protection of confidentiality and security of health data through setting and enforcing standards.	他指出， HIPPA 旨在通过标准化电子数据交换来提高医疗保健服务的效率，并通过制定和实施标准来提供对健康数据保密和安全的特定保护。	0
He noted that the Mission was taking steps to normalize the transition to statehood within the region.	他指出，核查团正在采取步骤，使该区域内的国家过渡正常化。	1
He noticed several necklaces hanging from the bedposts, one of them looking eerily familiar It was then that he realized the strange fabric against his skin was in fact the black satin sheets of the bed.	他注意到几条项链挂在床上，其中一条看起来很熟悉… 当时他意识到，他皮肤上的奇怪纤维实际上是床上的黑色缎料。	1
He now commands a steamer out there, but he was a boy when he was in the Morning.	他现在指挥着一个蒸汽锅在那里，但他是一个男孩，当他在早上的时候。	2
Henry Townsend is one of the few musicians who has recorded in every decade for the past 80 years.	亨利 · 汤森德是过去 80 年中每十年都有记录的少数音乐家之一。	2
Henry VII had many motives to marry Elizabeth of York.	亨利七世有许多与约克的伊丽莎白结婚的动机。	1
He only puts Nessie first and now he is so worried.	他只把尼斯放在第一位，现在他很担心。	1
He opened a crystal decanter that stood on one end of the desk.	他打开了一个站在桌子一端的水晶装饰器。	2
He opened his eyes to see what was wrong with his arm and immediately shut them.	他打开眼睛看着他的胳膊有什么问题，并立即将他们关了。	1
He opened the gate with a snap of his fingers and marveled at the beauty of the great kingdom.	他用手指打开了大门，对大王国的美丽感到惊叹。	0
He opens his mouth to speak and she passes him without acknowledgement, throat suddenly constricted, hands curling into fists.	他打开嘴说话，在没有得到承认的情况下传他，喉咙突然紧缩，双手被卷成拳头。	2
He paused by a stairwell and listened, straining to hear if anyone was coming to discover him huddled there.	他在一个楼梯井旁停下来，倾听着说，如果有人来发现他，他就会在那里呆着。	2
He perceives himself as beautiful beyond a mortal beauty, and there are few who would speak him wrong.	他认为自己不仅是一种不朽的美，而且很少有人会说错他。	2
He periodically journeyed to Alaska to study and live with the bears.	他定期到阿拉斯加学习并与熊生活在一起。	0
He picked her up bridal style and then he headed out the door of the room, leaving behind a saddened Tsunade, in her hands a small heart shaped letter.	他拿起她的新娘风格，然后走出房间的门，留下一张悲伤的 Tsunade ，手里拿着一张小小的心形的信。	2
He picked her up gently in his arms and walked down the stairs to her common room.	他用手轻轻地把她拿起来，然后走下楼梯到她的公共房间。	2
He picked it up, and for a while he just examined it in his hands with his back turned to Gabriel.	他拿起了它，一会儿他就用手检查了它，他的背部转向了加布里埃尔。	0
He picked it up quickly his smile turning into a frown with every word he read.	他很快就把它拿出来了，他的微笑变成了一只皱眉的，每一个字都读了。	2
He picked up the rhythm again, sliding his cock down her throat, gasping at the sensation each time she took him fully.	他又重新开始了节奏，把他的旋塞下了喉咙，每次她把他完全带走时，都在喘口气。	2
He played the piano when we got there and it was fun.	当我们到达那里的时候，他弹着钢琴，很有趣。	1
He pleaded with his father not to forsake his people and send them back into this misery.	他恳求他的父亲不要抛弃他的人民，把他们送回这种苦难中去。	2
He pointed out that as a high school and college basketball official, he had stood many times on the court while the national anthem was played.	他指出，作为一名高中和大学篮球官员，他在国家国歌演奏期间多次站在球场上。	2
He poured the milk into his tea just to realize that the milk had a weird but ghastly familiar smell.	他把牛奶倒入茶，只是为了知道牛奶有一股奇怪但又可怕的熟悉气味。	0
He prays that we, at the end of the verse, we would be strengthened with might by His Spirit in the inner man.	他说，在这句话的末尾，我们将通过他在内心的精神得到加强。	2
He pressed his lips to mine one more time before pulling away.	他又把嘴唇压到我的地方，然后再拉走。	2
He probably thought he would be doing this universe a favour by wiping us all out.	他可能认为他会把我们全部消灭，从而为这个宇宙做一件事。	1
He promised that if he were successful, he would redistribute land to those who worked it, as well as provide free education and decent health care.	他承诺，如果他取得成功，他将把土地重新分配给那些从事这项工作的人，并提供免费教育和体面的医疗保健。	0
He propped Link up with the pillow and covered him with a blanket.	他用枕头将 Link 向上推，用毯子盖住他。	2
He pulled away reluctantly after a moment and leaned his forehead against hers.	他在一段时间后不情愿地离开，把前额靠在她的头上。	0
He pulled back as he felt her stir.	当他感觉到她的搅动时，他向后拉。	2
He pulled his gun up off the ground readying himself for an attack.	他把枪从地上拉下来，准备发动攻击。	2
He pulled his water gun against his chest and signaled for the other to come over.	他将水枪拉向他的胸部，并向另一人发出信号。	1
He pulled out his cell phone and speed dialed their number.	他拔出手机， Speed 拨打了他们的号码。	2
He pushed down on Kanda and he took his time kissing him into submission.	他推下了坎达，花时间与他亲吻，让他屈服。	2
He pushed him closer to the edge of the ledge.	他把他推到了离边缘更近的地方。	1
He pushed people out of the way to find her.	他把人们赶出了寻找她的道路。	2
He put a hand on her shoulder and smiled.	他把手放在她的肩膀上，微笑着。	1
He put his arms around hers restricting her movement to her legs, his lips on her neck giving little kisses and gentle nips.	他把胳膊放在她的周围，限制她的行动，让她的腿伸直，他的嘴唇在她的脖子上，给她一些亲吻和温柔的剪刀。	2
He put his hand on the knob and turned it slowly.	他把手放在旋钮上，慢慢转动。	0
He put his hand on the small of her back and took her hand.	他把手放在她的小背上，拿了她的手。	2
He put two pieces of ice in each cup and filled them both a third of the way with the liquor.	他在每一杯中放入两块冰，并在三分之一的过程中将酒填满。	1
He quite evidently died from the loss of blood due to having his throat slit open.	他显然死于因喉咙开口而失去的血。	2
Her age was uncertain, particularly since the speed of her movements kept them from getting a good look at her face.	她的年龄不确定，特别是因为她的运动速度使她们无法好好地看她的脸。	1
He randomly started talking to me when I sat down on one of the park benches.	当我坐在公园的长椅上时，他随机地开始和我交谈。	1
He ran towards them beat the ones that where around the girl with midnight blue eyes, after making sure they were all pasted out, helped her up.	他向她们跑去，殴打那位带着午夜蓝眼睛的女孩周围的人，在确保她们都被粘贴后，帮助了她。	2
Her arms wrap tightly around your back, her hands roaming recklessly, feeling as much as they can in the time that you have.	她的双臂紧紧地缠在你的背部，她的双手漫无目的地漫游，在你有的时候，感觉尽可能的好。	2
Her attention turned to a rather unattractive being who sat in a chair at the end of the hall.	她的注意力转向坐在大厅尽头椅子上的那种相当不吸引人的人。	0
Her back was protected by an olive colored vest that her surrogate mother had made for here when she was nine.	她的背部受到一件橄榄色背心的保护，她的代孕母亲在 9 岁时在这里做过这件事。	2
Her body was all slashed open with blood pouring out.	她的身体都被打了开，血流下来。	2
Her boyfriend nodded with a smile and leaned forward to kiss her cheek.	她的男朋友微笑着点头，并向前倾斜，吻她的脸颊。	0
Her bright red hair glistened in the warm Termina sun.	她那明亮的红色头发在温暖的 Termina 阳光下闪闪发光。	1
Her car traveled off the left side of the road and came to a rest.	她的车从路的左侧下来，然后休息了一下。	0
Her Dressing Up for the Carnival is a collection of stories published last year.	她为嘉年华准备的盛装是去年出版的一套故事。	2
Her dress would have had buttons or possibly laces.	她的裙子可能有纽扣或鞋带。	2
He reached a hand down to pull the mage from the bed, but ended up atop the mage as Anders tugged him down instead.	他举手把法师从床上拉下来，但最终在法师的顶端，而安德斯却把他拉下来。	2
He really cares for his sister and would never let anything happen to you, but look where this lead to.	他真的很关心他的姐姐，永远不会让你发生任何事情，但看看这会导致什么。	1
He really had charisma and possessed leadership qualities.	他真的有魅力，有领导才能。	0
He really only knew what Darren had said publicly.	他真的只知道 Darren 公开说了些什么。	2
He really wanted to get married, but told me right before our wedding that he did not think he wanted children.	他真的想结婚，但在我们结婚前告诉我，他不认为他想要孩子。	1
Here are a few tips aimed at helping you get the most out of your college visit.	以下是一些旨在帮助您充分利用大学访问的技巧。	1
Here are just a few of the outstanding effects: LOCOMOTION: The pip on a selected card is visibly PUSHED across the surface of the card and then the card is handed out for examination!	以下只是几个突出的效果：火车头：所选卡片上的小皮明显地被推过卡片表面，然后将卡片交给检查！	2
Here are several external hard disk brands recognized as the best on the market 2010.	以下是几个被公认为 2010 年市场最佳的外部硬盘品牌。	0
Here are some examples of animated gif files created by our Graphics and Animation Unit.	以下是由我们的图形和动画单元创建的一些动画 GIF 文件示例。	1
Here are some of the recommendations editing video software for you.	以下是一些为您编辑视频软件的建议。	0
Here are some powerful tips you should use every time you create a web site:1 ?	以下是您每次创建网站时都应该使用的一些强大提示： 1 ？	1
Here are some tips on effective job hunting using networking A resume is a dynamic document that requires thought and ongoing revision.	以下是关于使用网络有效寻找工作的一些提示简历是一个动态文档，需要深思熟虑并不断修订。	1
Here are some tips on how to put your wrist guards on the correct way.	以下是一些关于如何正确地安装护腕的提示。	0
Here are two more decent people, deciding to treat this man with patience and compassion.	这里还有另外两个体面的人，他们决定用耐心和同情对待这个人。	1
Here at Amlex, we make it easier than ever to obtain a liquor license with our online liquor license application.	在 Amlex ，我们通过在线酒类许可证申请，比以往任何时候都更容易获得酒类许可证。	1
He rebels against the sets of rules and traditions imposed upon him by his family and society.	他反抗他的家庭和社会强加给他的一系列规则和传统。	0
Hereby, it is easy to seam the conjugation site and firm to overlap, so the invention improves the production efficiency, and has lower cost and convenient construction and transportation.	因此，可以很容易地将连接部位与重叠部位结合在一起，因此这一发明提高了生产效率，降低了成本，方便了建筑和运输。	0
He recalled a Chinese archaeologist he met at Harvard telling him that contrary to Chinese government accounts, his findings suggested that Tibetans evolved on the Tibetan plateau itself, not elsewhere in China.	他回忆起他在哈佛见到的一位中国考古学家告诉他，与中国政府的说法相反，他的调查结果表明，藏人是在西藏高原上而不是在中国其他地方进化的。	0
He received a life sentence for killing a man with a steel pipe in 1982.	1982 年，他因用钢管杀害一名男子而被判处无期徒刑。	0
He received his degree from the Department of Economics of the Faculty of Political Sciences in Ankara University.	他获得安卡拉大学政治学学院经济系学位。	0
He recognized the emotions that were playing across her pretty face emotions he knew very well.	他认识到了在她那漂亮的脸的情绪上所产生的情绪，他非常了解这种情绪。	1
He recovers from a serious cervical fracture at the HRP.	他从 HRP 严重的宫颈骨折中恢复。	2
He reflected on his past with Nathan, thinking through his decisions as the sky filled with darkness.	他回顾了他的过去，并通过他的决定思考了充满黑暗的天空。	2
He refused to put on new clothes due to the tags inside and was not able to eat solid food until the age of 3 and a half.	他拒绝穿上新衣服，因为里面有标签，直到 3 岁半才吃固体食物。	2
Here he is being interviewed discussing wine pairings with spicy food.	在这里，他正在接受采访，讨论与辣味食物搭配的葡萄酒。	1
Here i am scrolling down and theres no more.	现在我正在向下滚动，没有了。	2
Here I have taken over from Davis and I am in the hot seat!!	在这里，我已经从戴维斯接手了，我坐在了热座上！！	2
Here is a brief outline of the key actions.	以下是关键行动的简要概述。	0
Here is a brief update on where the candidates' finances stand as of the most recent reports to the state Board of Elections, filed Sept. 3.	以下是 9 月 3 日向州选举委员会提交的最新报告中候选人财务状况的简要更新。	0
Here is a forum just about the trail we are taking.	这是一个关于我们正在走的道路的论坛。	1
Here is a taste of what you can expect from becoming a member of Wealthy Affiliate University.	这是一种您希望成为富裕的附属大学成员的品味。	2
Here is ways to do a Macbook memory upgrade.	下面是执行 Macbook 内存升级的方法。	1
Here I will mention some of my bad experiences with various fountain pens and generally some things to consider before buying that $500+ fountain pen.	在这里，我要提到我对各种喷泉笔的一些不愉快经历，以及在购买 500 多美元的喷泉笔之前需要考虑的一些事情。	1
He releases one hand to begin unbuttoning his pants.	他释放了一只手，开始解开裤子。	1
Here lush tea estate and full of water lilies is a full one.	这里郁郁葱葱的茶园，充满了百合花。	1
He remembered screaming her name as it appeared for a moment she would be sucked into the void, lost to him forever.	他还记得她的名字叫了，因为她似乎会被吸入真空中，永远被他遗忘。	2
Here s the ultimate treat for motorcycle aficionados: thirteen of the most beautiful custom motorcycles in one deluxe calendar.	这里是摩托车爱好者的终极享受：一个豪华日历中有 13 个最漂亮的定制摩托车。	1
Here the real identity of civil society and the state is established in the salary of the civil servants, or in the fact that civil service also guarantees security in empirical existence.	在这方面，民间社会和国家的真正特征是在公务员的薪金中确定的，或者在公务员制度也保障实际存在的安全这一事实中确定的。	1
Here there is a tendency from the regional to the global, from the component to the system supplier and from the mere subcontractor to the development partner.	在这方面，有一种从区域到全球的趋势，从组件到系统供应商，从单纯的分包商到发展伙伴。	1
He retracted his sword, taking out the short sword that was hidden within it, and charged at Cosmos with both of them, slashing at her in an X shape.	他收回了他的剑，取出了藏在它内的那只短剑，并向宇宙两个人起诉，用 X 形向她打了耳光。	2
Hereunder are the introductions to the different sections of the Great Wall of China, from which you can also have a view of China Great Wall Pictures.	以下是对中国长城不同部分的介绍，您也可以从这些部分了解中国长城的图片。	0
Here we combine modern technology with techniques solidly proven to assist in soft tissue healing.	在这里，我们将现代技术与经验证的技术相结合，有助于软组织愈合。	1
Here we look at some key improvement areas, offered by a company that has a wealth of experience in this arena.1.	在这里，我们将了解一家在这一领域拥有丰富经验的公司所提供的一些关键改进领域。 1.	0
Here we put the snowboards on our backs and step into our short skis for the ascent.	在这里，我们将滑雪板放在我们的背部，然后进入我们的短雪橇上坡。	1
Her eyes came to rest upon a hawk that was perched on the tip of a jagged rock in the middle of the pool.	她的眼睛在一只鹰上休息，那只鹰被夹在池中一个被刺碎的岩石的顶端。	2
Her eyes followed the appendage up to what she immediately labelled as a jellyfish.	她的眼睛一直注视着他的附庸，直到她立刻被称为水母。	2
Her eyes grew wide in horror and shock and she could barely speak.	她的眼睛在恐怖和震惊中变得很宽，她几乎不能说话。	2
Her eyes shot open to see the titan falling with her, its life taken by the hands of Levi, to her surprise.	她的眼睛敞开着，看着这位女巨人和她一起摔倒，而李维的手却让她感到惊讶。	2
Her eyes snap open and she locks eyes with him.	她的双眼张开，闭上眼睛。	2
Her eyes were alight with a fury so powerful that it seemed to make them glow.	她的眼睛被一股如此强大的愤怒所点燃，似乎让他们发光。	2
Her eyes were a shocking blue color of water.	她的眼睛是一种令人震惊的蓝色水。	2
Her eyes were black as coal and her lips were pursed together in a thin line.	她的眼睛像煤一样黑，嘴唇被用细线清洗在一起。	2
Her eyes were sparkling and her cheeks were flushed a healthy pink from the exertion.	她的眼睛闪闪发光，脸上的脸颊从呼出时被刷成健康的粉色。	2
Her eyes widened when she saw Dementor aiming the death ray at the now helpless Kim and knew she had to do something.	当她看到德门托将死亡线瞄准现在无助的金某时，她的眼睛变得更加睁大了，她知道自己必须做些什么。	0
Her eyes winded and her breathing became quite heavy.	她的眼睛被绞得喘不过气来，呼吸变得相当沉重。	2
Here you are going to find great site seeing, Kent escorts, gorgeous castles, and older buildings, from when the city was first being constructed, and you will find several great tourist destinations to visit.	在这里，您将找到伟大的景点，肯特的陪同，华丽的城堡和古老的建筑，从城市最初建造的那一年，您将发现几个伟大的旅游目的地。	2
Here you can find artisans creating crafts in buildings dating back to the 18th century.	在这里，您可以找到可追溯到 18 世纪的建筑中的手工艺人。	1
Here you will see schools of at least five different species of sweetlips, marbled stingray out in the deep and the best soft corals you have seen.	在这里，你将看到至少有五种不同种类的甜味品的学校，在深处有黄貂鱼，还有你所见过的最好的软珊瑚。	2
Her face was as serious as ever, a line between her black brows as the long needles moved in her thin and agile hands.	她的脸像以往一样严肃，她的黑褐色之间的一条线，因为长针头在她瘦而敏捷的手中移动。	2
Her father needs to get over his fear and stop torturing his daughter.	她的父亲需要摆脱恐惧，停止折磨女儿。	1
Her father pointed the tip of his wand at her nose.	她的父亲将他的棒尖指向她的鼻子。	0
Her father would probably disown her and her mother would let him!	她的父亲可能会剥夺她的自由，而她的母亲也会让他这样做！	1
Her features softened as she grasped his hand, blood still seeping slowly from the prick in his finger.	她的特征在她抓住手时变软了，血液仍然从手指上的小刺中缓慢地流下。	2
Her fingers fumbled past the sacred sutras that would only be sucked into the wind tunnel.	她的手指熏过了那只能吸入风洞的神圣的烟道。	2
Her fork played with the green food a little before putting into her mouth.	她的叉子与绿色食物一起玩了一小会，然后才把它放到嘴里。	2
Her government has assisted the Ampatuans and other area clans in building potent militias to combat the secessionist and Islamist insurgencies that have plagued the region.	她的政府协助安帕图族和其他地区部族建立强大的民兵组织，以打击困扰该地区的分离主义和伊斯兰叛乱。	0
Her guitar case was next to her feet.	她的吉他盒就在她的脚旁边。	0
Her hair feathered his face when she lined her warm lips against his ear with a whisper.	她的头发丝在耳边用一个耳光将温暖的嘴唇系在耳边，使他的脸顺化。	2
Her hand dropped from the sword hilt and she ran towards him, boots clicking quickly against the stone.	她的手从剑的小山丘上掉下来，她向他跑了，靴子迅速地朝石头上击了。	2
Her hand ran from his jaw and into his hair tugging at its thickness just a little, while simultaneously pulling him closer to her.	她的手从他的下巴里跑进了头发，刚从头发的厚度上跳了一会儿，同时又把他拉得离她更近。	2
Her heartbeat had picked up from the excitement.	她的心跳从兴奋中得到了加强。	1
Her heart skipped a beat for a second as she tried to process who it was but she calmed once she realised.	她的心跳过了一个心跳，在她试图处理谁的过程中，她的心跳过了一个秒，但一旦她意识到这一点，她就平静了。	2
Her hobbies include playing bridge and reading through her book club.	她的爱好包括玩桥和通过她的读书俱乐部读书。	2
Her interest was not primarily in detecting fraud, but as a quality control to see if the shopper was properly reporting certain conditions.	她的兴趣主要不在于发现欺诈，而是作为一种质量控制来确定购物者是否正确报告了某些情况。	0
Her leg popped up like in one of those Romantic Comedy movies, making Daryl smile against her lips.	她的腿像在浪漫的喜剧电影中一样突然出现，使戴里尔的嘴唇露出了微笑。	0
Her letters also had pictures drawn on it.	她的信上还画了一些照片。	1
Her lips were thin and her cheekbones were set high on her face.	她的嘴唇很薄，她的面颊骨被高高地放在了脸上。	1
Her loveless marriage was at an end, and now she was blissfully alone to raise her young daughter on their lush Hawaiian estate.	她那份可爱的婚姻已经结束了，现在她独自幸福地在他们郁郁葱葱的夏威夷庄园里抚养她的年轻女儿。	2
Her many publications include the bilingual lyric poetry volume Ohne Dich, contributions to the Kursbuch and works in translation.	她的许多出版物包括双语歌词诗卷《阿尼 · 迪奇》，《对 Kursbuch 的贡献》和《翻译作品》。	1
Her maternal great grandparents were Asa and Priscilla Hunt and Joseph and Ann Hockett.	她母亲的祖父母是 ASA 和 Priscilla Hunt 以及 Joseph 和 Ann Hockett 。	0
Hermione is inchign ever so closely to breaking in.	赫米尼恩对自己的突破如此之紧。	2
Hermione looked across the room and noticed Harry and Ginny were talking quietly to one another.	Hermione 望着房间，注意到 Harry 和 Ginny 在悄悄地交谈。	0
Hermione looked as if her eyes were going to pop out of their sockets, and her friends were fighting off the urge to laugh at the situation.	赫米奥内看起来好像她的眼睛会从他们的插座中弹出来，而她的朋友也在为这种情况下的笑声而战。	2
Hermione shrieked when she saw Harry had found her and took off in the other room.	赫米奥内看到哈里找到她，在另一个房间里起飞，她就尖叫着。	2
Her moans soon became screams as it delved deep into her soaking wet core, licking her walls as his entire hand massaged the outside.	她的大猩猩很快就开始尖叫了，因为它深深地伸入她浸湿的岩芯中，他的双手在外面按摩时舔了她的墙壁。	2
Her nails scraped lightly along his neck to bury her hand in his hair.	她的指甲轻轻地沿着他的脖子刮着，把她的手埋在他的头发里。	0
Her naked body was covered by a thin white sheet.	她的裸体身体被一张薄白纸覆盖。	2
Her non belief in no win situations would be shot to hell if faced with a kolinahr Spock Robot.	如果面对科林纳赫 · 斯波克机器人，她对没有获胜机会的信念就会被击到地狱。	1
He rolled his eyes and pulled out another one.	他翻了看，又拔出了一只眼睛。	2
He rolled his eyes then gave her a playful smirk.	他翻了眼睛，然后给了她一个有趣的小笑。	2
Her only appearance in a DC comic is in The Golden Age miniseries, by writer James Robinson and artist Paul Smith.	她在华盛顿漫画中的唯一表现是金时代的小教堂，作者是詹姆斯 · 鲁滨逊和艺术家保罗 · 史密斯。	1
He rose and escorted the girls down to the waiting caravan.	He rose and escorted the girls down to the waiting carav.	2
He rose his hands in a gesture of peace.	他举手表示和平。	0
Her own household servants became sullen, aggressive and possibly murderous; she recounts how the atmosphere began to heat up as rumours of slaughters abounded.	她自己的家庭佣人变得残忍，咄咄逼人，可能是凶残的；她讲述了随着屠杀者的谣言不断传出，气氛开始升温。	2
Her parents must love her lot to pay so much.	她的父母必须热爱她的命运，付出如此多的代价。	2
Her parents were to die a terrible death, and she was going to die with them.	她的父母要死了一个可怕的死亡，她将与他们一起死亡。	2
Her peach coloured stilettos clicked a little as she turned around, cursing under her breath.	她转身时，她的桃色的小号梯形图略微发出咔嗒声，在她的呼吸下卷曲。	1
Her pumps were beside her and her bare feet squished the sand beneath.	她的水泵就在她旁边，她的赤脚把沙子压到了下面。	2
Her research is in the development of thyroid function.	她的研究是甲状腺功能的发展。	2
Her responsibilities included policy development and analysis, communications and public relations, personnel as well as audit planning and execution, as well as serving as director of a range of corporate management services.	她的职责包括政策制定和分析，沟通和公共关系，人事以及审计规划和执行，以及担任一系列公司管理事务的主管。	1
Her right eye that was bandaged up had embedding scars coming out from under the bandage.	她右眼被绑起来，身上有从绷带下留下的伤疤。	1
Her sash lifted up with the water and fluttered around her.	她的沙声用水抬起来，在她周围闪了一闪。	2
Her short orange hair is messy- like a halo that cups around her face and her eyes are withdrawn.	她的橙色短发很乱——就像一只在她的脸周围泡着的光环，她的眼睛也被抽走了。	2
Her skin is tan and smells of salt water from always working at the sea.	她的皮肤是棕褐色，而且总是在海上工作，散发着盐水的气味。	1
Her smile vanished when she noticed the odd colouring of the Digital Field.	当她注意到数字领域的奇怪色彩时，她的微笑消失了。	0
Her soft cry of indignation went unheeded when wandering hands swept up her ribs to cup the swell of her bosoms, an offering sweet and heavy in his hands.	当她的那种愤怒的软声被他的手卷上她的肋骨来杯她的胸罩时，她的愤怒的软声被忽视了，这种感觉在他的手上是甜蜜和沉重的。	2
Her struggle for independence and identity in the earlier years of her life provided that she acquired a great determination for her elder daughter to become an actress.	她在人生的最初几年里为独立和身份而奋斗，这就使她的长辈女儿有了成为女演员的巨大决心。	2
Her studio has three looms where she weaves individual projects from scarves to upholstery fabric.	她的工作室有三个月子，在这里她可以编织各个项目，从围巾到室内装饰织物。	1
Her studio is also her house so you walk straight into her front room.	她的工作室也是她的房子，所以你可以直接走进她的前室。	2
Her Summer studio is a featured stop on the Third Thursday Gallery Walk series in Saranac Lake, New York.	她的夏季工作室是纽约萨拉纳克湖第三周四画廊步行系列的特色景点。	0
Her thesis will examine the societal function of hadith literature during the Safavid period.	她的论文将研究萨法维德时期哈迪斯文学的社会功能。	0
Her time as Governor of Alaska proved that she does not actually follow through with those ideals...	她作为阿拉斯加总督的时间证明她实际上并没有贯彻这些理想 ...	1
Hertz Car Sales is the best place in Stockton to buy a used vehicle!	赫兹汽车销售公司是斯托克顿购买二手车的最佳地点！	1
Her view of the world had also changed for some reason.	她对世界的看法也因某种原因而发生了变化。	0
Her voice became distracted as she started to think.	她的声音在开始思考时变得分散了注意力。	2
Her walls were painted a nice soft lavender color matched with plush beige carpet that tickled her feet as she walked barefoot around her room.	她的墙壁上涂有漂亮的柔和薰衣草色彩，配以豪华米色地毯，当她光着脚在房间里行走时，她的脚被粘住了。	1
Her warm expression conveyed and confirmed everything he knew to be true.	她的热情表达传达并证实了他所知道的一切。	0
Her young white hair friend was walking out from the hospital wing with a sweet smiled on his face.	她年轻的白头发朋友正在走出医院，脸上带着甜美的微笑。	1
He said he experienced a headache after inhaling the fumes.	他说，吸入烟雾后，他感到头痛。	0
He said he had long thought of applying the idea, which he said was not original (except for the use of a cooking pan) and finally found a pan that he felt would work at a garage sale.	他说，他早就想到要应用这个想法，他说这个想法不是原创的（除了使用一个烹饪锅），最后找到了一个他认为可以在车库销售中工作的锅。	1
He said he resigned from his advisory position upon joining the commission in February.	他说，他在 2 月加入委员会时辞去了咨询职务。	0
He said his administration will bring interest groups and lawmakers together to hash out a plan.	他说，政府将把利益团体和议员聚集在一起，制定出一项计划。	1
He said: Honourable senators, I have the privilege of rising in my place today to address Bill C-4, to amend the Standards Council of Canada Act.	他说：参议员们，今天我有幸在我的席位上发言，讨论 C-4 号法案，修正加拿大标准委员会法案。	0
He said: Honourable senators, Senator Day is the chair of the subcommittee of the Standing Senate Committee on National Security and Defence.	他说，参议员们，参议员日是参议院国家安全和国防常设委员会小组委员会主席。	2
He said it was abnormal to see frequent severe convective weather in June and it was being caused by extraordinarily active cold air traveling south.	他说， 6 月份频繁出现严重的惊厥天气是不正常的，这是由向南飞行的异常活跃的冷空气造成的。	2
He said more corrupt governors would be named if there was need to do so.	他说，如果有必要，将任命更多腐败的省长。	1
He said some of them have spent almost 10 years in the Libyan prison without adequate trial and prosecution.	他说，其中一些人在利比亚监狱中呆了近 10 年，没有得到充分的审判和起诉。	0
He said the decline was mainly caused by a decrease in new domestic orders.	他表示，下降的主要原因是新的国内订单减少。	0
He said the height of buildings in the restricted area of Manali would be allowed only up to three storeys.	他说，马纳利限制区的建筑物高度最多只允许三层。	0
He said the negotiations currently under way with the University are not going well.	他说，目前正在与该大学进行的谈判进展不顺利。	0
He said trials were continuing on a fourth variety and most probably would be approved by the committee.	他说，审判仍在继续，有第四种情况，很可能会得到委员会的批准。	2
He sat down on the couch and marvelled at how such a richly furnished room, somehow managed to be comfortable.	他坐在沙发上，惊叹于这样一个布置华丽的房间，不知怎么能让人感到舒适。	0
He sat there and struggled to understand why this one was so great, better then all the others.	他坐在那里，努力理解为什么这一个如此伟大，比所有其他的都好。	1
He sat there thinking and desperately trying to recall what had brought him to this place.	他坐在那里思考并拼命地回忆他来到这个地方的原因。	1
He sat up drawing her towards him, kissed her passionately on the lips; rubbing his glossa on them.	他坐着把她拉向他，在嘴唇上热情地吻了她；用他的 Glossa 擦着她们。	2
He saw as a few people looked out of their windows or checked from their doors what the commotion was.	他看到一些人从窗户望出去，或从门里检查了这种漫画是什么。	2
He saw Carson asleep on the floor using some medical reports as a pillow.	他看到 Carson 在地板上睡觉，用一些医疗报告作为枕头。	0
He saw his best friends killed on the battlefield.	他看到他最好的朋友在战场上被杀。	0
He saw that she was somewhat uneasy about his touch.	他看到她对自己的触觉有些不安。	1
He says Banks received job leads and ample counseling services but failed to complete monthly activity reports.	他说银行收到了工作线索和充足的咨询服务，但未能完成每月活动报告。	1
He says emergency service workers have the ability to file away terrible calls into a part of their mind where they are able to cope and move on.	他说，急救人员有能力将可怕的呼叫归档到他们的脑海中，以便他们能够应对并继续前进。	2
He screeched in pain as the ropes turned into a bluebell fire, harmful and paralyzing but not lethal.	当绳索变成蓝铃火时，他发出了痛苦的尖叫，这是一场有害的，令人瘫痪的，但并非致命的。	1
He seemed disappointed in himself and angry so I decided talking might help.	他似乎对自己感到失望和愤怒，所以我决定说会有帮助。	1
He seemed to be trying to word his next question.	他似乎试图回答下一个问题。	0
He seemed unusually quiet today, not a word of greeting escaped from his mouth when Keitaro passed by.	他今天显得异常安静，当凯塔罗经过时，他的嘴中没有一句问候。	1
He seems like a more intelligent and better articulated Grimlock that failed to overcome his flaws in character and just chose to ignore them.	他似乎是一个更聪明，更清晰的格里姆洛克，他未能克服他的性格缺陷，只是选择忽略了这些缺陷。	1
He seems to be the one has the desire to reclaim or hunt down the true runes.	他似乎是一个有着重新找回或寻找真正跑道的人。	1
He served as superintendent of the United States Military Academy, was Chief of Engineers, and was a Major General in the Union Army during the United States Civil War.	他曾担任美国军事学院院长，工程师长，在美国内战期间担任联盟军队的一名少将。	2
He serves now his gods the women, those jezebels who declare everywhere they go that they are also like men and that, women are now equal to men.	现在，他为神服务的是女人，那些在任何地方宣称自己也和男人一样的牛仔裤，而现在，女人与男人是平等的。	2
He shined the light over to a floating table, where a little girl was sitting on.	他把灯光照到一张漂浮的桌子上，一个小女孩坐在那里。	0
He shook hands with Proftesser Dumbledore and took his seat at the staff table.	他和 Proftesser Dumbledore 握手，并在员工桌上就座。	0
He shook his head and tried to find something to say.	他摇了摇头，试图找到一些要说的东西。	1
He shook his head to make her stop but the girl only gave him a smile.	他摇头停下来，但那个女孩只给了他一个微笑。	0
He should have known his dad would have left.	他应该知道他的父亲会离开。	0
He should have left Addis to rural ethiopia to organize the armed struggle.	他本应该离开亚的斯亚贝巴到埃塞俄比亚农村组织武装斗争。	1
He simply stayed in his spot on the ground and looked intently into the water at his reflection.	他只是停留在他的地面上，在他的反思中，他一直看着水。	2
He slowly moved his left arm back and slowly slid a small folded piece of paper to hand over to Gilbert.	他缓慢地向后移动左臂，缓慢地滑动一张折叠的小纸张，交给吉尔伯特。	1
He slowly opens his eyes and finds himself staring at a large black man with very short hair and a goatee.	他慢慢地打开眼睛，发现自己盯着一个头发很短的大黑人和一个山羊。	1
He slowly rose up so he was on his knees, hoping he could run away to the back of his cupboard if it became too bad.	他慢慢地站起来，所以膝盖上了，希望他在身体太坏的情况下能跑到橱柜的后面去。	2
He slumped down on the rim of a fountain feeling like a complete failure, burying his face in his hand he breath slowly, stopping the transformation itching under his skin.	他在喷泉的边缘下斜了下来，感觉像完全失败了，他把脸埋在他的手上，呼吸缓慢，阻止了他的皮肤下的转变。	2
He smiled after taking in each of their faces.	他在接受每一张脸后都微笑着。	2
He smiled falling on his back as both Destiny and Crystal turned on him using him now as pay back for what he had done.	… ，当命运和水晶都转向他时，他微笑着倒在他的背后。他现在用他作为回报。	2
He smiled to reassure the boy and got a small blush in return.	他笑着向那个男孩保证，并得到了一个小的回报。	1
He snarled, and the sound was inhuman and Dean felt himself take a step back instinctively, until he felt the cold body of his car against his back.	他打鼾，声音是不人道的，迪安觉得自己本能地后退了一步，直到他感觉到他的车的冷身背对他。	2
He softly placed a kiss upon her lips, calloused digits running over her soft face, then playing with a blonde braid between his fingers.	他轻轻地在她的嘴唇上戴了一个吻，在她柔软的脸上戴着一个呼呼呼号，然后在他的手指之间用一个金发的编织物玩耍。	2
He sometimes excused himself when their sweetness started to overflow into sickliness.	当他们的甜味开始膨胀到恶心时，他有时会自激。	2
He spared Carly one last glance before he disappeared into the chaos taking place in the streets.	他在卡莉消失在街头的混乱中之前，没有看到他的最后一个目光。	2
He spent much of his time getting dressed up and looking at a camera.	他花了很多时间打扮好，看着相机。	0
He staggered forward and Hyperion fell from his suddenly limp hand as he crumbled to his knees, coughing up more blood.	他跳了起来， Hyperion 突然从他那只软弱无力的手摔倒在膝盖上，咳嗽得越来越多。	2
He stamped his foot, thinking absently that it was a fly or other insect, and popped another rivet.	他把他的脚压了起来，以为那是苍蝇或其他昆虫，然后又弹了一个铆钉。	2
He stands up as Blevins rushes towards him and shoots Blevins in the heart.	他站起来，因为巴列文斯向他奔涌，并在心里开枪。	2
He stared at Fiona who was looking down with the most loving expression at the little person they had created.	他盯着菲奥纳，他用最可爱的表情向下望着他们所创造的那个小人物。	1
He stared at the image behind glass that had fueled his dreams and fantasies because this had to be a dream or fantasy.	他盯着玻璃背后的形象，这种形象助长了他的梦想和幻想，因为这必须是一个梦想或幻想。	2
He stared at the long knife in his hand as he walked towards his prize.	当他走向奖品时，他用手盯着那把长刀。	2
He started getting into trouble with the police at the age of 12 and now, with a history of drinking and violence, he is unemployed.	He started getting into trouble with the police at the age of 12 and now, with a history of drinking and violence, he is unemployed.	2
He started to enjoy himself and came everyday after school, helping Komaba out with his homework and even learned a couple of tricks, such as lock picking and how to evade pursuers.	他开始享受自己的生活，每天放学后都会来，帮助 Komaba 完成家庭作业，甚至学会了一些技巧，如锁拣和如何逃避追踪。	1
He stated that if it were damaged to the point that the inspector feels it is a violation of the standards established in the code, then the landlord would be required to fix it.	他说，如果损坏到检查员认为这违反了守则所规定的标准，那么房东就必须予以修复。	0
He stated that the time limit would be easy to monitor adding that within that time period they would be able to identify potential problem areas that would require the Arborist.	他说，时间限制很容易监测，并补充说，在这段时间内，他们将能够确定需要 Arborist 的潜在问题领域。	2
He stepped down from his most recent post as Education Minister in order to focus on the federal leadership campaign, although as of April 23, he had not officially declared his candidacy.	他最近辞去了教育部长的职务，以便集中精力进行联邦领导运动，但截至 4 月 23 日，他还没有正式宣布他的候选人资格。	0
He steps out of the way and Derek turns the water on and allows it to adjust.	他走出了道路，德里克打开了水，让水可以调整。	1
He stiffened, fighting the urge to shove her away and looked up at Minato only to see him grinning like an idiot.	他更加强硬地向她发出了将她带走的强烈要求，只能抬头望着米纳托，只能看到他像白痴般地笑着。	1
He still stood a few feet in front of her.	他仍然站在她前面几英尺。	1
He stood to the side and let the several uniformed soldiers that were also on the train get on the escalator first.	他站在一旁，让也在火车上的几名穿制服的士兵先乘坐自动扶梯。	2
He stopped abruptly, one hand out to brace himself against the impact.	他突然停下来，有一个伸出手，为自己抵御这一冲击。	2
He stopped outside her door and looked up at her bedroom window.	他停在她门外，抬头看着她的卧室窗户。	0
He stopped short and thought for a moment.	他停下来思考了一会儿。	0
He straightened and turned around to see Lily standing in the doorway with wide eyes.	他伸直并转身，看到莉莉用宽眼睛站在门口。	2
He strained his eyes in the effort to discern their features.	他在试图识别他们的特征时紧张了眼睛。	1
He stressed this during a meeting of the Council of Regions.	他在区域委员会会议上强调了这一点。	0
He supported the proposal to enable the Estonian citizens abroad to vote by means of preliminary vote by letter.	他支持使国外的爱沙尼亚公民能够以信件方式进行初步投票的建议。	1
He supposed whatever was inside it was the reason Spinelli had almost died tonight.	他认为里面的一切都是斯皮内利今晚几乎死亡的原因。	1
He tapped his pencil on the desk, scribbled something then crumpled up the paper and threw it across the room.	他把铅笔在桌子上横置，涂了一些东西，然后把纸弄碎，扔到房间里。	1
He taught me to play harmonica, but not much else that would put me on the road to happiness.	他教我演奏琴，但没有什么能让我走上幸福之路的东西。	1
He tentatively reached out and grabbed the ends of the sash.	他暂时离开，抓住了火山灰的末端。	2
He testified that although the Board had not had time to take a position on the bill yet, he discussed it with the medical director, the legislative committee chair and himself and that they supported it.	他作证说，虽然委员会尚未有时间就该法案采取立场，但他与医务主任，立法委员会主席和他本人讨论了该法案，他们表示支持。	0
He then began to slowly pull off his haramaki and swordbelt along with his three swords.	然后，他开始慢慢地将他的哈拉曼基和剑带连同他的三个剑拉开。	2
He then gestured to Deeks to give him back the goggles, and pointed for Deeks to go upstairs.	然后，他向德克斯（ Deeks ）打了个手势，把眼镜给他拿回来，并让德克斯（ Deeks ）上楼。	0
He then heads for the Slytherin dorms and does the only sensible thing in a situation like this: he hides for the rest of the day.	然后，他去了萨利瑟林宿舍，在这样的情况下做了唯一的明智的事情：他整天都在躲藏。	1
He then started to come out of the room and spoke to this man and wanted to know if he wanted any.	然后，他开始走出房间，与这位男子交谈，想知道他是否想要。	1
He then turned to Sherlock with a small smile.	然后，他带着一个小微笑转向了谢洛克。	1
He then walked over to the window and jumped out before speeding us wings and flying.	然后他走到窗边，跳出来，然后加速我们的翅膀，飞翔。	1
He thought about it now, because she seemed more agitated than usual, cursing herself everytime she failed to avoid one of his blows, or failed to hit the target of one of her own.	他现在想到了这一点，因为她似乎比平常更激动，每次她都不能避免他的一次打击，或未能击中她自己的一个目标，她都在自吹自吹。	2
He thought not of himself; and in a few minutes the scattered soldiers were consolidated into a close body, squared with pikemen, who stood like a grove of pines in a day of tempest, only moving their heads and arms.	他不想自己；几分钟后，分散的士兵被整成一个近距离的身体，与那些在最诱惑的日子里像一群松树一样站着，只能移动他们的头和手臂。	2
He threw his hands back and giggled again.	他把手倒了，又笑了起来。	2
He tightened his grip around the neck when Katniss raised her bow once more.	当 Katniss 再次举起弓时，他紧紧抓住颈部。	2
He told me I was being selfish and that I always ruin everything.	他告诉我我是自私的，我总是把一切都毁了。	1
He told the group of assembled business people the peninsula has a legitimate shot at winning the bid, but it will take a lot of work.	他向聚集的企业界人士表示，韩半岛在获胜上有着合法的优势，但这需要做很多工作。	1
He told them he was gay and his dream was to be on Broadway.	他告诉他们，他是同性恋，他的梦想是在百老汇。	0
He took a few steps towards the middle of the road and immediately found it easier to walk.	他向马路中间走了几步，立刻发现走起来比较容易。	1
He took part in the election of Gujrat District Board and was elected unopposed.	他参加了 Gujrat 地区委员会的选举，并在无异议的情况下当选。	0
He took up yoga and making homemade pizza dough.	他做了瑜伽和自制披萨面团。	0
He tried to search for the right words to soothe Georgie, well aware that he was not her favorite person.	他试图寻找合适的词语来安抚格鲁吉亚人，他深知自己不是她最喜欢的人。	2
He tries to become a truck driver but is considered overqualified; eventually he gets a job as a waiter at a resort, where the money is good and young women are readily available.	他试图成为一名卡车司机，但被认为是不合格的；最终他在一个度假胜地找到了一份作为服务员的工作，那里的钱是好的，年轻的妇女是随时可以得到的。	2
He turned around to the subject that was argued about.	他转而讨论了争论中的主题。	0
He turned his head to look at David in the mirror.	他转头看着镜子里的大卫。	0
He turns to walk around the counter but her voice stops him.	他转身在柜台周围走动，但她的声音阻止了他。	1
He turns towards the gate P90 held at the ready to cover the gate while the iris is closing.	当虹膜关闭时，他转向 P90 门，该门保持在准备盖住门的位置。	2
He understands what they are saying to negotiate with the other company.	他理解他们说了些什么来与另一家公司谈判。	2
He used alchemy to break the bonds holding the restraints together, and they crumbled to the floor.	他用炼金术打破束缚的束缚，然后把它们压碎到地板上。	2
He uses his 9mm handgun to hold both hostage in what becomes an elevated police standoff, ultimately leading to his fate...	他用 9 毫米手枪将两人作为人质关押在警察的高层对峙中，最终导致了他的命运……	1
He use to be a builder and liked building them.	他曾经是一个建设者，喜欢建造他们。	2
He volunteers to help people in need of shelter due to drug and alcohol issues.	他自愿帮助因毒品和酒精问题而需要庇护的人。	0
He waited to see her reaction and she delighted him by squealing and flinging her arms around his neck.	他等了看她的反应，她高兴地听到他的声音，用手臂在他的脖子上摆动。	2
He walked down the stairs looking for her.	他走下楼梯寻找她。	0
He walked over to his car and took a last glance at the real address, right before driving away from the collapsed mansion.	他走到他的车前，最后一瞥了真实的地址，然后开车离开坍塌的大厦。	1
He walked over to where he had placed his case and was happy to see that it was still there with the three buckles inside.	He walked over to where he had placed his case and was happy to see that it was still there with the three seuckles inside.	2
He walked up beside her just as the youngest boy was talking.	他就像最小的男孩在说话一样，走到她旁边。	2
He walked up to her calmly ignoring the glares a couple of guys were giving him at the site of girls swooning.	他静静地走到她身边，忽略了一对在女童们的地方给他的那两个人的格拉斯。	2
He wanted his last memory of her to be of the night before this one.	他希望他对她的最后记忆是在这之前的一晚。	2
He wanted to sigh and close his eyes if just for a moment, but he did not allow himself to display such weakness in front of a subordinate.	他想叹息并闭上眼睛，但他不允许自己在下属面前表现出这种弱点。	0
He wants to put right the sins of his uncle and rule the empire in justice and peace.	他想把他叔叔的罪孽转嫁到他的叔叔身上，并以正义与和平的方式统治帝国。	2
He was a bit disconsolate knowing there were still another four days he would have to go without a single sight of Isabelle.	他感到有点不安的是，他知道还有四天的时间，如果没有看到伊莎贝尔，他就不得不离开。	1
He was able to get out of his boat and enjoy lunch.	He was able to get out of his boat and enjoy lunch 。	2
He was acting like the English boy was going to hurt him, and flinched when he stepped forward.	他的行为就像英国男孩将伤害他一样，当他向前走时，他就开始了。	2
He was actually a rather good looking man, besides the gaping whole in the side of his head.	他其实是一个很好看的人，除了他头上的那一整只跳。	2
He was actually not the first African American to play on a professional baseball team.	事实上，他不是第一个在专业棒球球队效力的非洲裔美国人。	0
He was actually quite nervous about this, but doubted it would kill him to try it once at least.	他其实对此很紧张，但怀疑至少试一次会杀死他。	2
He was almost certain that Franchesca had had to interpret for the man when he was in the shop with his wife.	He was almost certain that Franchesca had to interpret for the man when he was in the shop with his wife.	2
He was also connected with the Darlington and West Hartlepool congregations under the Provincial Ministers' Fund.	He was also connected with the Darlington and West Hartlepool congregations under the Provincial Ministers' Fund.	2
He was a man at dinner if the and shook his brother which wasnt at table.	他是一个吃晚饭的人，如果他和他的兄弟握手，而他的兄弟不在桌子上。	2
He was an almost exact contemporary of Josquin des Prez and Leonardo da Vinci, both of whom were his personal friends.	他几乎是约瑟金德斯普雷斯和达芬奇的当代人，两人都是他的私人朋友。	2
He was an honors history major and minored in Chinese.	他是一位荣誉历史大修，并以中文为背景。	2
He was a nice man and taught me a million things that I still use today.	他是个好人，教了我一百万件我今天还在用的东西。	2
He was a very touchy feely guy to her now.	他现在对她来说是一个很有触感的人。	2
He was a veteran of World War II. and a member on the board of directors of the South Seaville Building and Loan Association.	他是二战老兵，也是南塞维尔建筑和贷款协会董事会成员。	0
He was awesome that night Broncos had no idea.	他真棒，那晚布朗科斯根本不知道。	2
He was baptized and was given the name of Varfolomei.	他接受了洗礼，并被赋予瓦尔福罗密欧的名字。	0
He was bent over her shoulder as she leaned against him, feeling him lifting her upright.	当她向他倾斜时，他弯着肩膀，感觉他抬起了她的直立。	2
He was bleeding from his forehead blurring his vision, but it looked like Ryoko was holding a Light Hawk Sword.	他的前额正在流血，这模糊了他的愿景，但这看起来就像 Ryoko 拿着一个小鹰剑。	1
He was bleeding in several places and the odd angle his left arm had been in previously signified a broken arm.	He was bleeding in several places and the odd angle his left arm had been in previously signified a broken arm.	2
He was dressed in a long black cape with the hood pulled over his head, and the way he walked so confidently into the lobby made all those around stop and take notice.	他穿着一个长长的黑角，戴着头罩，他如此自信地走进大厅，让周围的人停下来，注意。	2
He was dripping wet with rain water, his hair flat against his head as water dripped down his bangs.	他被雨水淋湿了，头发平了，随着水从他的身上滴下来。	2
He was exhausted today because he had gotten little sleep the night before.	他今天筋疲力尽，因为他前一晚几乎没有睡觉。	0
He was fairly sure this was not supposed to be in the cards for him!	他很确定这不是应该在卡上给他的！	1
He was far too well informed to dream of that.	他对这一点的了解太多了，无法想象。	1
He was filthy and pale and dried out and I thought he was dead.	他又脏又苍白，干涸了，我以为他已经死了。	2
He was given special whips by a zebra shaman and the whips can turn to fire or ice and whatever they touch is affected by what the whip is.	他被一个斑马祭司给了特别的鞭子，鞭子可以变成火或冰，他们所触的一切都受到鞭子的影响。	1
He was grinning at me as he watched me lick the chocolate off my thumb, but his face went suddenly serious and pale when he focused on something over my shoulder.	当他看着我把巧克力从我的拇指上舔掉时，他对我感到很不满足，但当他把注意力集中在我肩膀上时，他的脸突然变得严肃和苍白。	2
He was haunted in particular by the memory of a young man from his regiment, torn apart and begging to be shot.	他特别被一个来自他团的年轻人的记忆所困扰，他被肢离并请求被枪杀。	2
He was having a hard time staying on the board because he would lose his balance and fall off the slippery board.	他很难呆在板子上，因为他会失去平衡，从滑板上掉下来。	0
He was just plain happy to lie there and cuddle up to either of his adopted brothers.	他很高兴能躺在那儿，拥抱他的两个领养兄弟。	2
He was lucky he was betrothed to her.	他很幸运，他被订婚了。	1
He was made a legend because he emphasized the fighting aspect of capoeira.	他之所以成为传奇，是因为他强调了卡普埃拉的战斗方面。	1
He was met with a pair of shining aquamarine eyes and a shock of brown hair.	He was met with a pair of shining aquamarine eyes and a shock of brown hair.	2
He was no longer able to verify whatsoever whether or not this room was the same room he had originally stayed in.	他再也不能核实这间房是否与他原来住过的房间相同。	0
He was not alone in his observations; several of the other executives were stalking the young woman as she assumed her position hovering behind his brother, who was entertaining a gaggle of smiling girls.	在他的观察中，他并不是孤单的；其他几位高管正在盯着这位年轻女性，因为她的职位悬停在他的兄弟后面，而他正为一群微笑的女孩逗笑。	2
He was not a very tall man, but Kíli would still look dwarfed in any of his clothes, and the few items packed from the orphanage were well worn and in desperate need of replacement.	他不是一个很高的男人，但 Kíli 仍会在他的任何衣服上看起来很矮，孤儿院包装的几件物品都很破旧，急需更换。	2
He was not looking forward to having to leave the bed and get ready for the day.	他不希望不得不离开床，为这一天做好准备。	1
He was now standing quite close to her, and she had to crane her head to look at him.	他现在站在离她很近的地方，她不得不用吊车看着他。	1
He was part of the friendly with the Empire.	他是与帝国友好的一部分。	2
He was proud to be a Morris dancer as much as he was proud of the traditional tunes that he would play on me, his old violin, as he danced.	他对自己是莫里斯的舞蹈家感到自豪，对他在跳舞时给我演奏的传统音乐也感到自豪，他的旧小提琴也是如此。	1
He was sandwiched by Butters and Donovan near the basketball hoop.	他被牛和多诺万夹在篮球圈附近。	2
He was seducing her with his lips now and she could hardly get a word out.	他现在用嘴唇引诱她，她很难说出来。	2
He was shot at while boating down a river and had to fight off the rebels who were trying to get on the boat to kill him.	他在河上划船时遭到枪击，不得不与试图乘船杀死他的反叛分子打斗。	0
He was slightly aware of the ethereal glow of the moon, bathing them in the miracle of their love.	他对月亮的闪耀有一点点的了解，把他们沐浴在他们爱的奇迹中。	2
He was standing very near to where the Statue of Liberty is.	他站在离自由女神像很近的地方。	0
He was stupid to try and claim the Slayer as a mate.	他很愚蠢地试图将斯图尔称为伴侣。	1
He was such a good guy, it would have killed me to lead him one.	他是一个很好的人，如果我带他一个就会杀死他。	2
He was the cutest thing that I've ever laid eyes on!	他是我见过的最可爱的东西！	0
He was the one who did drugs and hid under the radar.	他是在雷达下进行毒品和藏匿的人。	2
He was thinking about another girl who had the courage to approach him out of nowhere.	他想到的是另一个女孩，她有勇气从任何地方接近他。	1
He was wearing a leather jacket with trousers and a chequered top with brown boots.	他当时身穿长裤皮夹克及棕色靴子的方格上衣。	2
He was wondering how much dwarven knowledge the blond hair Jinchuriki knew.	他想知道金发金奇基知道多少有关侏儒的知识。	1
He was working on a film in London with director Terry Gilliam shortly before his death.	在他去世前不久，他在伦敦与导演特里 · 吉利姆合作制作了一部电影。	0
He was worse than that military guy from Youswell.	他比尤素夫的那名军人还差。	0
He watched a litany of expressions flit across her face and felt himself lean closer to her.	他看着一小片表情在她的脸上摆着，感觉自己更靠近她。	2
He watched as she walked deeper into the space beyond that door, his view slowly being cut off as it swung shut on silent hinges.	他看着她走得更深，走进门外的空间，他的观点慢慢地被切断了，因为它在沉默的铰链上摇摆着。	2
He watched her carefully, but did not interfere as she took her dishes back into the kitchen and hurried outside.	He watched her carefully, but did not interfere as she took her 培养皿 back into the kitchen and hurried outside.	2
He watched her for a moment as she paced and continued her rambling.	他看了一会儿，她开始了节奏，继续在不停地摇摇欲坠。	2
He waved at the lady behind the counter who had greeted him with his name and a warming smile.	他向柜台后面的那位女士挥手致意，那位女士用他的名字和温暖的微笑迎接了他。	0
He waved his staff, incantating a quick spell under his breath to blow away the smoke and dirt, revealing Louise stood there completely unharmed while petting a small owl that was perched on her arm.	他挥舞着他的工作人员，在他的呼吸下用一个快速的咒语吹掉烟和污垢，揭示露易丝站在那里完全没有受伤，同时抚摸了一只被夹在她手臂上的小猫头鹰。	2
He went back to Cuba after Castro took over, thinking that the island would get better.	卡斯特罗上台后，他又回到古巴，认为这个岛会变得更好。	1
He went for a walk on Friday after he had got back home.	他在周五回家后去散步。	1
He went on to explain that the significance of this was that he had never written for string quartet before, and he was just letting his composition lead him where it wanted to go.	他接着解释说，这种情况的意义在于他以前从未为弦乐四重奏写过信，而他只是让他的组成带领他去想去的地方。	2
He went on to get his law degree at Lewis and Clark College in Portland.	他继续在波特兰的刘易斯和克拉克学院获得法律学位。	1
He went on to win the county finals and so represented Gloucestershire at Wimbledon.	他继续在郡内决赛中获胜，因此在温布尔登代表格洛斯特郡。	2
He went over a checklist in his head.	他在脑子里看了一份清单。	1
He went to the living room where Hikaru was waiting.	He went to the living room where Hikaru was waiting.	2
He will discuss the pros and cons of remixing with regard to form and content, with regard to the original installations.	他将讨论在原有设施的形式和内容方面重新混合的利弊。	1
He will go out of his way to keep his customers happy.	他会竭尽全力让客户满意。	0
He will illustrate how Asgard connects several AWS concepts and uses it to make deployments more fun and less stressfull.	他将演示 Asgard 如何将多个 AWS 概念连接起来，并使用它使部署更有趣，更轻松。	0
He will propose expanding the Twin River and Newport Grand slot parlors with table games, restaurants, and hotels.	他将提议扩大双河（ Twin River ）和纽波特格兰特（ Newport Grand ）的老虎机停车场，提供桌上游戏，餐厅和酒店。	0
He will therefore be more interested in maintaining a workable relationship with his supplier and not cooperate with indirect purchasers.	因此，他更有兴趣与供应商保持可行的关系，而不是与间接购买者合作。	1
He winced slightly as the boy tried to sink his teeth into the flesh of his palm.	他在男孩试图将牙齿洗刷到手掌的肉体上时稍微起了点心。	2
He wondered what they would have the priest say at his funeral.	他想知道牧师在葬礼上会说些什么。	2
He wondered when the hell the writers were going to give him real competition.	他想知道作家什么时候会给他真正的竞争。	0
He wondered why it angered him so much.	他想知道为什么它让他如此愤怒。	0
He wore beautiful silk clothes, lived in a beautiful palace, and had beautiful servants and concubines and nice facilities of every kind.	他穿着漂亮的丝绸衣服，住在一个美丽的宫殿里，有美丽的仆人和妾，还有各种漂亮的设施。	1
He would be the substitute for the people so that the law can be satisfied.	他是人民的替代品，使法律得到满足。	2
He would have to find berries perhaps and mash them for their juice.	他可能需要找到浆果，然后将它们混合成果汁。	0
He would let the author of the note lose at his own game.	他会让票据的作者在自己的游戏中输掉。	2
He would lose torque with that combo but make more horse power in the top end. The pilot was a great success and has helped improve access for a significant number of Canadians.	他将失去这一组合的力量，但在最后增加了马的力量。飞行员取得了巨大的成功，并帮助改善了大量加拿大人的进出。	2
He would make sure he had no deserters.	他会确保他没有逃兵。	1
He would most likely just end up in the hospital again if he provoked Rin.	如果他向 Rin 挑衅，他很可能会再次回到医院。	0
He would never get to tell Pippin how much he really meant to him, nor would he get a chance to explain why he had been so mean to him all this time.	他永远不会告诉 Pippin 他对他的真正意义，也不会有机会解释为什么他这么对他如此吝啬。	0
He would normally talk to Pakkun, but he seemed to be tied up at the moment.	他通常会和 Pakkun 交谈，但他似乎在此时被绑起来了。	2
He would not have said this unless it was a real factor in the timing.	除非这是时间上的一个真正因素，否则他不会这样说。	1
He would play along with it for now.	他现在就会和它一起玩耍。	0
He would probably fall into a coma and not wake up for three days, which is what she planned to do when he got back.	他可能会陷入昏迷，三天不醒，这是她回来时计划做的事。	2
Hexcel materials are used in thousands of products, making everyday life easier and safer for millions of people around the world.	Hexcel 材料被用于数千种产品中，使世界各地数百万人的日常生活变得更加轻松和安全。	0
Hey I decided to make more Robin and Artemis stuff so here it is.	嘿，我决定在这里做更多的罗宾和阿特米斯的东西。	2
Hey, I think I'm going to make the Big Bad Wolf character from the 3 little pigs story and have him be the creep sending Belle the letters.	嘿，我想我要从三只小猪的故事中制作大坏狼的角色，让他成为向贝儿发去信的蠕虫。	2
Hi and glad to have you at SF Complementary Currency.	您好，很高兴您能使用 SF 互补货币。	1
Hiccup placed his new foot and adjusted the pedal, as Toothless' tail fin opened up to reveal the white Viking skull painted on the red material.	当无牙尾翼打开时， Hiccup 用新脚调整了踏板，露出红色材料上的白色维京头骨。	1
Hiding might go against their nature but it was the best plan.	隐藏起来可能会与他们的天性发生对抗，但这是最好的计划。	0
Hi Everyone I offer 2 month crash course for BBA Entrance exams right at your door step.	大家好，我在门口就为 BBA 入学考试提供了 2 个月的速成课程。	1
Higher- A father and parole officer makes the ultimate decision when his son comes to his house with a gun looking for drug money.	更高一级的父亲和假释官员在他的儿子用枪来寻找毒品钱时做出最终决定。	1
Higher end furniture stores give room planning expert services.	高端家具店提供客房规划专家服务。	0
Highley fragranced this soap will cleanse you gently and leave you fragranced in its yummy scent.	这种肥皂香的高莱香将轻柔地清洗您，并让您在其美味的气味中芳香四溢。	1
Highlight with a tiny amount of Warm White.	用少量的暖白色突出显示。	0
Highly concentrated landholdings often significantly shape patterns of inequitable rural development.	高度集中的土地往往严重影响不公平的农村发展模式。	2
Highly recommend this if you are looking to add that extra protection to your trunk.	如果您希望为您的行李箱增加额外保护，强烈建议您这样做。	0
High temperature washers can be manufactured from any kind of Nomex® grades, depending on the mechanical requirement.	高温垫圈可以由任何类型的 Nomex ® 材质等级制造，具体取决于机械要求。	0
Hi guys I enjoyed the video but by inclination I love to read and browse.	大家好，我喜欢这个视频，但我喜欢阅读和浏览。	1
Hi I think the deadline to buy on Groupon has past.	大家好，我认为在 Groupon 上购买的截止日期已经过去。	1
Hillman successfully guided the college through the depression amidst faculty cuts, low salaries and budget cuts.	希尔斯曼成功地引导了学院渡过了因裁员，工资低和预算削减而出现的萧条。	0
Hi Mary It was sooo great to see you agian tho it was short but sweet.	你好，玛丽，看到你这么高兴，虽然时间很短，但很甜蜜。	1
Hi my name is casey i love to try new thing and meet interesting new people.	你好，我的名字是凯西，我喜欢尝试新事物，遇见有趣的新朋友。	0
Hinata gives Ino a hug which she returns, and both kunoichi smile courageously.	希纳塔给了伊诺一个拥抱，她又回来了，两个库诺奇都勇敢地微笑。	2
HIPAA requires health plans to provide individuals whose coverage terminates under the plan with proof of their medical coverage called a Certificate of Creditable Coverage.	HIPAA 要求健康计划向其覆盖范围在计划下终止的个人提供其医疗覆盖范围的证明—称为 " 可信赖的覆盖范围证书 " 。	2
Hire a custom home builder Large scale development company Contract work myself Build myself Unsure What is your first source to find a builder?	雇佣定制的家庭建筑商大规模开发公司合同工作我自己构建不确定您的第一个寻找建筑商的来源是什么？	2
His 22 scientific publications include an account of the experiment he developed to melt metal aboard a space shuttle.	他的 22 份科学出版物包括他为在航天飞机上熔化金属而开发的实验的说明。	1
His arms were crossed over his chest while his breath was even and calm.	他的双臂被越过胸部，呼吸平稳。	2
His arms were protectively wrapped around her waist.	His arms were protectively wraped around her waist.	2
His arrival to town was quiet, though he plans on making a lot of noise once he gets settled.	他到镇上很安静，但他计划在他安顿下来后发出很大的噪音。	2
His artistic career is also closely intertwined with karate, a martial art he has enjoyed practising for some ten years.	他的艺术生涯也与卡门特（ Carate ）密切相关，卡门特（ Carate ）是他十年来一直在练习的武术。	2
His best friend shook his head as Trunks bit his lip.	他最好的朋友在他的嘴唇被树干咬时摇头。	2
His blood smeared red across his skin and he scowled.	他的血涂在他的皮肤上红了，他便开始了抽血。	2
His blood was on my wand, and we cast a powerful protective circle using what I was taught was Dark Magic.	他的血在我的手杖上，我们用我所学的暗魔法来做一个强有力的保护圈。	1
His boastfulness, generosity and kindness are evidence that he is a good leader and provides for his people.	他的博爱，慷慨和善良证明他是一位优秀的领导人，为他的人民提供了帮助。	0
His brain was still half the size of a modern humans.	他的大脑仍然是现代人类的一半大小。	1
His campaign is on the verge of declaring a victory after the last two primaries are voted on Tuesday.	他的竞选即将在星期二最后两个初选获得投票后宣布胜利。	1
His chapel was built almost entirely by the Kafirs.	他的小教堂几乎完全是由卡菲尔人建造的。	0
His choices to do nothing actually helped Strohmeyer in his crime.	他选择什么都不做实际上帮助了 Strohmeyer 犯罪。	1
His dedication to his field is evident even in his personal relationships.	即使在他的个人关系中，他对领域的奉献也是显而易见的。	1
His ear is remarkable; he can catch all the gradations of slang; and in a different field he is the peer of Ring Lardner as a manipulator of native idiom.	他的耳朵非常出色；他可以捕捉到所有的俚语等级；在另一个领域，他是罗德纳的同伴，作为土生白痴的操纵者。	1
His ears twitched as he could hear the starting of the fire back where Jaken and Rin were.	他的耳朵发出了一声，因为他能听到杰克和兰的回火声。	2
His ego had been badly stung and his guilt, rising up like bile in his mouth, became so intense he simply had to choke it down.	他的自尊受到了严重的打击，他的罪过就像口里的胆汁一样抬头，变得如此强烈，他只能把它扼住。	2
His essays on famous literary figures probably require some prior knowledge of their work.	他关于著名文学人物的论文可能需要对他们的作品有一些事先的了解。	1
His executors have no orders be continue the allowance.	他的遗嘱执行人没有命令继续领取这一津贴。	1
His eyes are a icy blue color that will shine in the moonlight.	他的眼睛是冰冷的蓝色，将在月光下闪亮。	1
His eyes felt like they weighed a ton, and he was surprised that he was able to finally open them, not that he remembered when he shut them in the first place.	他的眼睛感觉像是他们称了一吨重，他感到惊讶的是，他终于能够打开它们，而不是他记得他当初把它们关了。	2
His eyes flutter close, and he yawns freely, licking his lips before settling his breathing into a steady pace.	他的双眼完全靠得住了，他自由地起了头，舔了他的嘴唇，然后将呼吸稳定下来。	1
His eyes had no pupil or marks of the like.	他的眼睛没有学生或类似的痕迹。	2
His eyes tracked the second hand of the clock in its smooth motion upwards, he watched in breathless anticipation as it hit twelve and paused slightly halfway to the first tick on the clock face.	他的眼睛在时钟的第二手平稳地向上移动时，以令人无法呼吸的预期看着，它在 12 点的时候，在时钟面的第一个刻度的中间稍稍稍停顿了一下。	2
His eyes were beeds that looked at Jing in slight bewilderment.	他的眼睛是看着静的神经界的神。	2
His face twists considerably in disgust, but by this point he knows better than to question food.	他的脸在很大程度上因阵痛而扭曲，但到了这一点，他比质疑食物更了解。	2
His family has been making this drink for many years.	他的家人多年来一直在制作这种饮料。	0
His father died when he was 5, only a year after he was arrested for abusing him.	他的父亲在 5 岁时死亡，他因虐待他而被捕仅一年。	2
His father disappeared for 4 years and I could not find them and now my son thinks I left him and does not want to hear the truth of what really happened.	他的父亲失踪了 4 年，我找不到他们，现在我的儿子认为我离开了他，不想听到真正发生的事情的真相。	0
His father was an influential lawyer and his parents had planned a law career for him but as we all know, destiny had other plans.	他的父亲是一位有影响力的律师，他的父母为他规划了一个法律生涯，但众所周知，命运还有其他计划。	1
His features relaxed as he put his hand over hers and pulled it back to kiss the inside of her wrist.	他把手放在她的手上，把手拉回，吻她手腕的内侧，使他的身体放松。	1
His fingers moved to one of her breasts, cupping it in his hand, admiring the texture and feel of it beneath his fingers.	他的手指移动到她的一个乳房上，用手将它杯起来，在他的手指下欣赏它的质地和感觉。	2
His flight is cancelled, he faces trouble in hiring a cab and there is even some harassment waiting for him on the train.	他的航班被取消了，他在雇一辆出租车上遇到麻烦，甚至在火车上等待他的时候也有一些骚扰。	1
His former friends have all moved on in their lives while Roger is stuck yearning for the past.	他的前朋友都在生活中继续前进，而罗杰则一直渴望过去。	2
His good looks had attracted the attention of her and her friends, but none of them had been brave enough to actually talk to him.	他的良好的外表吸引了她和她的朋友的注意，但他们中没有一个人敢与他进行真正的交谈。	0
His hand gently traveled to the collar of his sweater, his long fingers playing with the warm material.	他的手轻轻地向他的毛衣的领口走去，他的长手指用温暖的材料玩耍。	2
His head was throbbing from stress, but it seemed that nobody would notice them tonight.	他的脑袋正在从压力中跳出来，但似乎今晚没有人会注意到他们。	2
His hips found a pleasing rhythm against hers.	他的臀部与她的臀部形成了一种愉悦的节奏。	2
His Holiness began the first day with a presentation of the history of the Kagyu lineages, emphasizing their interconnectedness.	他的圣洁从第一天开始，首先介绍了鹿屿线的历史，强调了它们之间的相互联系。	2
His human body was rapidly loosing warmth in the frigid weather.	在寒冷的天气中，他的人体迅速失去了温暖。	1
His insides feel hollowed out, as if someone had opened him up and scooped out everything with an ice cream scooper.	他的内侧感觉被掏空了，好像有人打开了他，用一个冰淇淋勺子把所有东西都挖了出来。	2
His instant reaction was that she must be dead.	他的即时反应是，她必须死亡。	1
His instruction through the Advocate was appreciated by many, and his timely admonitions and rebukes have saved many from error and destruction.	许多人赞赏他通过辩护律师所作的指示，他及时的告诫和反驳使许多人免于错误和破坏。	1
His jaw is more sculpted than any other.	他的下巴比任何其他的都更具雕刻性。	2
His life slowly being whittled away by a Battlemage, Imp, and Unicorn, Higashino finally found enough land to Harrow and play Ancient Spider, only to succumb to Ghitu Fire.	他的生命被马德莱梅，伊姆普和独角兽慢慢地白化，希阿西诺终于找到了足够的土地来弹箭和玩古老的蜘蛛，只能屈从于吉图火焰。	2
His lips were perfectly livid, and his knees shook so violently together that he seemed scarcely able to stand.	他的嘴唇非常生动，他的膝盖一起剧烈摇晃，似乎几乎无法站立。	2
His lively and alert pianism is a joy to the ears, as is the beautifully clear and detailed sound.	他活泼而又警觉的钢琴声和清晰而细腻的声音让人耳乐。	2
His mind was on the person he had left half an hour ago.	他的思想是在半小时前离开的那个人身上。	1
His mind was so occupied that he froze on his feet.	他的脑子被人所占据，脚上又起了皱。	2
His name is Mark, we meet online one night when I was actually at home and decided to hook up with him.	他叫马克，有一天晚上我在家时，我们在网上见面，决定和他联系。	1
His political activity was an important part of his Christian ministry, but he never introduced purely party politics into the pulpit.	他的政治活动是他基督教部的重要组成部分，但他从未将纯粹的政党政治引入到布道场中。	1
His political agenda taints the scholarly value of his work.	他的政治日程会损害他的工作的学术价值。	1
His primary care physician and case manager could not determine the Medicare Part D policy assigned to the patient, so they referred him to a care management pharmacist.	他的初级保健医生和病例经理无法确定分配给患者的医疗保险计划 D 部分政策，因此他们将他推荐给护理管理药剂师。	1
His production work and composition talent make all the albums he has been a part of sound brilliant.	他的制作工作和创作才能使他成为音乐的一部分的所有专辑都变得辉煌。	1
His reaction was as instantaneous as it was funny.	他的反应是即时的，也是有趣的。	1
His recount effort was eventually stopped by the Supreme Court.	他的重新计票工作最终被最高法院停止。	0
His ribs seemed to scream in retaliation, as if they were angry with him for letting this happen.	他的肋骨似乎是在报复中尖叫，好像他们对他的这种情况感到愤怒。	2
His royal blue eye staring into the emptiness of the hall, the other was covered by his bangs and the eye patch he wore over the eye that signified their contract.	他的皇家蓝眼睛盯着大厅的空位，另一只眼睛被他的双眼和他在眼睛上穿的象征着他们的合同的眼部所覆盖。	2
His scenes all seem to hover on the point of vanishing.	他的场景似乎都在消失的时候徘徊。	2
His sound advice, professional support and personal friendship were a constant source of encouragement in the early years.	他的良好建议，专业支持和个人友谊在早年一直是鼓舞人心的源泉。	1
His staff immediately got down to work and contacted a hostess agency, which in only a few hours managed to round up the young, attractive women.	他的工作人员立即下班并联系了一个女主人机构，该机构在几个小时内就成功地将年轻的，有吸引力的妇女打成了一个圈。	2
His think yellow pubic hair rode up uncomfortably away from the silk and it was too tight around his cock and balls.	他的思黄阴毛不舒适地从丝绸上走了起来，而且在他的旋塞和球周围太紧了。	2
His thoughts were soon invaded with images of Ordon once more.	他的想法很快就被奥尔登的形象再次入侵。	2
His throat seemed to hurt from saying goodbye.	他的喉咙似乎因告别而受伤。	2
His tongue went in and savored the taste in me.	他的舌头走进来，在我身上吃了一口。	2
Historically, Pakistan is one of the lower ranked teams when it comes to fielding, and Younis was quick to point out the grey area.	从历史上看，巴基斯坦是排名较低的球队之一，而尤尼斯很快就指出了灰色地带。	1
Historically they symbolise new hope and a good future ahead.	从历史上看，它们象征着新的希望和良好的未来。	1
History is littered with other examples the same.	历史与其他例子一样。	2
History of the colony and the decline of Indian power.	殖民地的历史和印度权力的衰落。	0
Hi Susan and Welcome to The Light Chasers!	你好，苏珊，欢迎来到灯光之旅！	0
His visible occupancy was a thing inferior in jewff substantive condition streak; he drove the beguiled Easterner in buckboards on the to gaze above lots and ranch peculiarity.	他的可见入住率在珠宝的实质性条件连续记录上是次要的；他驾驶着被扣板的伊斯特纳在上凝视着土地和牧场的独特性。	2
His website has a graph that shows mortgage rate trends .	他的网站上有一张显示抵押贷款利率趋势的图表。	0
His whole body shook as a tear fell and dropped onto his cheek, sliding down his pale skin before falling to the floor.	他的全身都摇了起来，一颗眼泪掉到了他的脸颊上，滑下他的苍白的皮肤，然后落到地上。	1
His wife stays by his hospital bed faithfully trying to pray and encourage him into the Kingdom.	他的妻子住在医院的床上，真诚地祈祷并鼓励他进入王国。	2
His yells did nothing to stop the animal as it jumped straight for him, just as Genesis opened the balcony door, too.	他的大喊没有阻止动物，因为它直接跳向他，就像 Genesis 打开阳台门一样。	2
Hi there, my name is Bri and I've been in the Dallas area for almost two years now.	大家好，我叫 BRI ，我在达拉斯地区工作了近两年。	2
Holiday Inn Istanbul Airport North is situated in Mahmutbey district at the European side, Easy access to Ataturk International and Do...	Holiday Inn Istanbul Airport North 酒店位于欧洲一侧的马赫穆贝区，到 Ataturk International 和 DO 都很方便……	1
Holland High seniors Sam Kreps and Matt Veenhoven were perfect doubles partners and their record proofs.	荷兰资深大人物 Sam Kreps 和 Matt Veenhoven 是完美的双人搭档—也是他们的记录证明。	1
Holly: In terms of word usage you actually had a better relationship with your rubber plant.	Holly ：在文字使用方面，您与橡胶厂的关系确实更好。	2
Holtzbrinck man Grabner knew that times had changed at the start of the year.	Holtzbrinck man Grabner 知道，年初的时代已经发生了变化。	2
Home and wrote to my Lord the news of the choice of the Council by the post, and so to bed.	在我的家，给我主写了关于安理会通过邮递选择的消息，等等。	2
Home economizing: Census study points to ways area households cope in recession 4.	家庭经济：人口普查研究指出了地区家庭应对衰退的方式 4.	1
Home of the the Atmospheric Radicals Studies Group (ARS) Mission Perform measurements to address questions in three general research areas: photochemistry and sulfur chemistry.	大气雷达研究组（ ARS ）飞行任务的所在地进行测量，以解决三个一般研究领域的问题：光化学和硫化学。	1
Home page Arthritis Rheumatoid arthritis Disclaimer: This outline is only a teaching aid to patients and should stimulate you to ask the right questions when seeing your doctor.	主页关节炎类风湿性关节炎免责声明：本概要仅为患者提供教学帮助，应激励您在看医生时提出正确的问题。	1
Homeschooled children may get to skip the cliques of school just to encounter this sort of thing later in life.	家庭学校的孩子可能会跳过学校的剪贴画，只是为了在生活的后期遇到这种事情。	2
Homes Land for sale Realtor Broker Commercial Property Quick email click on the mail box to send us email now!	住宅土地出售房地产经纪人商业财产快速电子邮件点击邮件框立即向我们发送电子邮件！	1
Homework grades are entered collectively and on a biweekly basis.	家庭作业等级是集体输入的，每两周输入一次。	2
Honest and straightforward advice Planet Travel customers are travel savvy and value impartial advice and insider travel information.	诚实而直接的建议地球旅行客户精通旅行，重视公正的建议和内部旅行信息。	1
Honestly he was more fun before we started dating.	老实说，在我们开始约会之前，他更有趣。	1
Honeymoon coupl 52 views Honeymoon couple at spa Be relaxed in this summer with our coolest spa..	蜜月双人房， 52 景，蜜月双人水疗中心，在这个夏天享受我们最酷的水疗中心放松身心。	1
Honeysuckles in some zones need to be kept in check..	某些区域的蜜糖需要加以检查。	2
Honors Stafford earned two battle stars during World War II.	荣誉勋位斯塔福德在第二次世界大战期间赢得了两颗战斗星	0
Hooray for no more circling when I have to pick up relatives later today.	今天晚些时候，当我不得不接亲戚时，我不想再盘旋了。	2
Hopefully I did a good job with it though.	希望我能做得好。	0
Hopefully, I will have a good job and caring friends and family.	希望我能有一个很好的工作，有爱心的朋友和家人。	1
Hopefully RL will let you take the time you need to give us more soon.	希望 RL 能让您花时间尽快给我们。	0
Hopefully that is something this administration decides to address.	希望这是政府决定解决的问题。	1
Hopefully with the aid of hard working conservation organisations and charities, structures that have already been put in place will continue to help conserve as much of our planet and inhabitants as possible.	希望在辛勤工作的保护组织和慈善机构的帮助下，已经建立的结构将继续帮助保护我们尽可能多的地球和居民。	0
Hope it brings you hours of laughter as it did to Sei...	希望它能给你带来几个小时的欢笑，就像它给 Sei 一样 ...	1
Hope SOS makes it through the Iceland ash plume to perform here next week!	希望 SOS 通过冰岛的灰烬羽流，下周在这里表演！	2
Hope the plot bunnies and life are treating you kindly.	希望这片土地上的兔子和生命对你是友好的。	2
Hope to see you soon and Thank you for all your support over the years.	希望能尽快见到您，感谢您多年来的支持。	0
Hope you are feeling better, the bacon and sausages were a big hit and it was a good event, sorry you were under the weather.	希望你感觉更好，培根和香肠是一大亮点，这是一个很好的事件，很抱歉你在天气下。	2
Hope you can make some of the events happening these next two weekends!!	希望你能在接下来的两个周末举办一些活动！！	0
Hope you enjoy the photos I selected from this session.	希望您喜欢我在本课程中选择的照片。	0
Hope you found what you came here for or if you just happened to drop by, I hope it was enjoyable read.	希望你能找到你来这里的目的，或者如果你碰巧路过，我希望这是一个令人愉快的阅读。	2
Hoping you get some answers from the neurologist.	希望你能从神经学家那里得到一些答案。	0
Horse Blinkers And The Grand National By Gen Wright Have you ever watched the Grand National horse race and wondered why some of the runners wear blinkers, if you have stop wondering!	《马迷》和《大国民》（由莱特一代）让您看过大国家赛马，并想知道如果您不再好奇，为什么有些跑步者会戴闪光灯！	2
Hosts will also be able to block less experienced gamers out of their matches, or reserve slots for their Friends only.	主持人还可以阻止经验较差的游戏玩家参加比赛，或者只为他们的朋友保留插槽。	2
Hot Creek: The flows have really dropped since it has become colder and the fishing reflects the change.	热溪：由于天气变冷，水流确实下降了，而捕鱼也反映了变化。	0
Hotel Ivanhoe is a short stroll from the Colosseum.	Ivanhoe 酒店距离罗马圆形大剧场（ Colosseum ）仅几步之遥。	0
Hotel Mora is perfectly located for those traveling for both business and leisure to Mora de Rubielos.	莫拉酒店地理位置优越，适合商务和休闲旅客前往莫拉德鲁比埃洛斯（ Mora de Rubielos ）。	1
Hotel Super 8 Guangzhou Railway Station is a 10-minute drive from Sun Yat Sen Memorial Hall and a 20-minute drive from Tianhe Sports Centre.	广州速 8 酒店火车站距中山纪念堂 10 分钟车程，距天河体育中心 20 分钟车程。	1
Hotel was very nice staff was helpful construction made it difficult to get to parking lot.	酒店很好，员工很乐于助人，施工让我们很难到达停车场。	1
Hot water and a very strong detergent can destroy the patterns.	热水和非常强的洗涤剂会破坏这些模式。	1
Housed in a restored gun foundry on the banks of the James River, the museum has received rave reviews from historians.	博物馆坐落在詹姆斯河畔一座修复后的枪枝铸造厂内，深受历史学家的好评。	0
Households that were already on low incomes were pushed into near destitution, from which it was almost impossible to escape.	已经处于低收入状态的家庭被推入近乎赤贫的境地，几乎不可能逃离。	1
House nailed him on two sore points with one observation.	房子用一个观察把他的两个痛点都钉住了。	2
Houses from Bucharest intermediated by the agency Casa Pitas have all the advantages of luxury dwellings, either they are situated in the older quarters of the city, or in the residential areas from the suburbs.	由 Casa pitas 代理机构代持的布加勒斯特房屋拥有豪华住宅的所有优势，要么位于城市的老城区，要么位于郊区的住宅区。	2
How about a rail line down Lincoln to the LAX?	从林肯到洛杉矶国际机场的铁路线怎么样？	0
How about when large vertical bucket elevator chains start breaking the pins.	当大型垂直铲斗升运器链条开始断裂销时，情况如何。	1
How are they going to get Klaus out?	他们将如何让克劳斯退出？	0
How at that time a candle had gone out and would be relit as soon as she was done with her chore.	那时，蜡烛是怎么出来的，一旦用她的枪做了，她就会被重新点燃。	2
How can I count the number of elements in an array within a Smarty template?	如何计算 Smarty 模板中数组中的元素数量？	1
How can she leave just like that without trying to do nothing, without even trying to communicate with Erik?	她怎么能像这样离开而不做任何事，甚至不试图与 Erik 沟通？	0
How can the following social activities be compared to religious rituals or worship?	如何将下列社会活动与宗教仪式或礼拜相比较？	0
How can the president make treaties and appoint ambassadors ?	总统如何制定条约和任命大使？	0
How can we educate our children about it?	我们如何教育我们的孩子呢？	1
How can we reasonably expect other nations to trust us in such a joint venture when liberals' and Democrats' priority is to make sure President Bush does not achieve success?	当自由主义者和民主党的首要任务是确保布什总统不会取得成功时，我们怎么能合理地期望其他国家信任我们这样一个合资企业呢？	0
How can you call regular citizens filth when they are trying their best to survive?!	当普通公民尽力生存时，你怎么能叫他们“普通公民”呢？！	1
How come Debbie and Emily and Kate hang around so much?	Debbie ， Emily 和 Kate 怎么会这么多？	2
How come if she had been raped and beaten she did not leave that home immediately with her three children?	如果她遭到强奸和殴打，她怎么会不会立即带着三个孩子离开这个家？	2
How could anyone do that to a teenage girl?	谁能对一个十几岁的女孩这样做？	1
How could she be the notorious drug dealer when no one even wanted to talk to her?	当没有人想与她交谈时，她怎么会成为臭名昭著的毒贩呢？	0
How could she forget the warmth of his hands, everywhere touching her and invading her and teasing her?	她怎么能忘记他的手的温暖，在任何地方触摸她，入侵她并抚摸她呢？	1
How dare he take advantage of my extreme sensitivity and come to me in dreams, knowing that I have excellent dream recall.	他知道我有很好的梦想回忆，怎么敢利用我的极端敏感性来梦想。	2
How dare she push me away because she was afraid of hurting me?	她怎么敢把我赶走，因为她害怕伤害我？	1
How did he manage to continue a conversation?	他是如何继续对话的？	1
How did I manage to get here without even realizing it?	我是如何在没有意识到的情况下实现这一目标的？	0
How does cutting education programs help us learn and perform better on standardized tests?	削减教育计划如何帮助我们在标准化测试中更好地学习和执行？	1
How does Harbor Medical Group stack up against the competition?	Harbor Medical Group 如何与竞争对手竞争？	1
How does it feel to be selected for Shooting Stars 2009 and what do you expect from the event?	被选为 2009 年射击之星的感觉如何？您对这次活动的期望是什么？	0
How does Newark Wayne Community Hospital stack up against the competition?	纽瓦克韦恩社区医院如何与竞争对手对抗？	0
How does that help us to defend ourselves?	这如何帮助我们捍卫自己？	0
How do we make it pay for people to collaborate?	我们如何让人们参与协作？	0
How do we unblock the things that impair intimacy with God?	我们怎样才能解除那些损害与上帝的亲密关系的东西？	1
How do you approach and deliver consumer education at your school (in Social Studies or Economics).	您如何在您的学校（在社会研究或经济学中）开展消费者教育。	0
How do you cope regards John Reply to this message complain This is a reply to this message.	你如何看待 John 对这封邮件的回复抱怨这是对这封邮件的回复。	2
How do you create and live an ideal culture for your organization?	您如何为您的组织创建和践活理想的文化？	1
How do you guys feel about Portal and Portal 2?	你们对 Portal 和 Portal 2 的看法如何？	1
How do you really think you should or would react to the abuse of you sister or daughter?	你真的认为你应该或会对你姐姐或女儿的虐待作出怎样的反应？	1
How do you stay on top of those downer thoughts?	您如何才能对那些沮丧的想法保持了解？	2
How do you tell Jackson chameleon is in labor?	你怎么说杰克逊 · 尚梅龙在劳动？	0
How do you think that sargons creation of an empire changed the later history of mesopotamia?	你怎么认为星号创造的帝国改变了后来的美索不达米亚的历史？	1
How do you think the banking business got into the problem they are in?	您认为银行业务如何解决他们所面临的问题？	0
How do you use Twitter to gain an edge over your competition?	您如何使用 Twitter 赢得竞争优势？	0
How else would anyone see it who has been wronged by those around her?	还有谁会看到她周围的人对她进行了冤屈？	2
However, a condom for anal sex has been produced called Safeguard Forte and is stocked by Terrence Higgins Trust and available free.	但是，一个用于肛交的避孕套已经被称为 Safeguard Forte ，由特伦斯 · 希金斯信托公司储存并免费提供。	1
However, after cooking the colour changes to anything from pale yellowy gold to light brown and even pink.	但是，烹饪后，颜色会变成浅黄色的金色，浅棕色甚至粉红色。	1
However, a lot of political work was necessary to set up the economically oriented ECC.	但是，要建立经济型 ECC ，需要进行大量的政治工作。	0
However, although considerable resources have been expended controlling these six species, little is known about national patterns and costs of control and monitoring.	然而，尽管控制这六种物种花费了大量资源，但对国家模式以及控制和监测的成本知之甚少。	1
However American men in general were extremely shocked by how open and confident I was about sex.	然而，一般美国人对我对性的开放和自信感到极为震惊。	0
However, around strangers, Lucy uses Dallas as a barometer to gauge how to react to certain people.	但是，在陌生人周围， Lucy 使用达拉斯作为晴雨表来衡量如何应对某些人。	1
However as fast as employers found ways to give perks, the Revenue brought them into the taxable income bracket.	然而，雇主很快就找到了提供补贴的办法，收入就把他们纳入了应纳税收入的范围。	2
However, a vegetarian or special diet can be arranged with prior notification.	不过，素食或特殊饮食可事先通知。	0
However because of my prominent position in the Green Party everyone thought it was an anti right act.	但是，由于我在绿党中的突出地位，每个人都认为这是一种反权利行为。	2
However, because prevailing westerly winds tend to move the surface water toward the east, there is a flow of warmer water to the Michigan shore in the summer.	然而，由于当前的西风往往将地表水向东移动，夏季有一股较暖的水流流向密歇根海岸。	0
However, both men were caught up in their own emotions to pay any attention to her mumblings.	但是，这两个人都被自己的情绪所吸引，对她的怒哀乐给予了关注。	2
However, engagement of those groups in the process is useful for both participation in the Project, and for data that informs recreation demand.	但是，这些团体参与这一进程对于参与项目和提供娱乐需求信息的数据都是有用的。	1
However, for family Christmas entertainment this is a great choice with kids being the obvious winners.	但是，对于家庭圣诞娱乐来说，这是一个很好的选择，孩子们是最明显的赢家。	1
However for ladies that rely upon an in home female personal trainer Dallas, it is typically far easier to work through the good and bad of physical fitness.	然而，对于依赖国内女性私人教练达拉斯的女士来说，通过身体健康的好和坏通常要容易得多。	2
However horizontally the have spread, often with the countries who acquired them expressing the same views of wanting to secure national borders from stronger enemies.	然而，这种情况却在横向扩散，往往是在获得这种援助的国家表达了同样的观点，即希望从更强大的敌人那里获得国家边界。	2
However, I also feel that individual teachers must take the initiative to choose a program that best suits their teaching style but a program they will use on a daily basis.	不过，我也觉得个别教师必须主动选择最适合他们教学风格的课程，而是每天使用的课程。	1
However, I can see nothing beneficial in trying to perpetuate the MS monopoly.	但是，我看不出来有什么好处可以使微软垄断永久化。	2
However, IDG reported on Wednesday that the porting of Jelly Bean was complete.	但是， IDG 周三报告说， Jelly Bean 的移植已经完成。	0
However, I did send your letter and questionnaire to my friend Jim Kelley and he told me that he answered your questionnaire.	但是，我确实给我的朋友 Jim Kelley 发了你的信和问卷，他告诉我他回答了你的问卷。	0
However, I DO think if my friends thought they were coming to my aid in raising noise about something but I asked them to stop and let the situation die down, then they would.	但是，我认为如果我的朋友认为他们是来帮助我提高一些事情的噪音，但我请他们停止，让局势恶化，那么他们就会这样做。	2
However, if the conflict is considered to remain international notwithstanding the status of the Taliban, then presumably the following analysis would apply to the Taliban as well.	然而，如果认为冲突尽管具有塔利班的地位，仍然是国际性的，那么，以下分析可能也适用于塔利班。	2
However, if the germ gets inside the body through a cut or a scrape, it can cause a skin infection, which usually starts as a boil.	但是，如果细菌通过切口或刮擦进入体内，它会导致皮肤感染，这种感染通常以烧沸的形式开始。	2
However if you are prepared to book well in advance then there are plenty of bargains.	但是，如果你准备好提前预定，那么这里有很多便宜货。	0
However, if you have deleted and disabled Cookies, we will not be able to link Cookie information with the services or programs you may have enrolled in with us.	但是，如果您删除并禁用了 Cookie ，我们将无法将 Cookie 信息与您可能在我们注册的服务或计划链接起来。	1
However, imagine my disappointment when one morning I noticed several pictures on the floor, my tears soon turned outright horror when one by one they all fell down.	但是，想象一下我的失望，有一天早上我在地板上看到了几张照片，我的眼泪很快就变成了彻底的恐怖，因为他们都一一一一一地倒下了。	2
However I m not sure what you expect or want Rick Warren to do.	但是我不知道你期待或希望 Rick Warren 做些什么。	0
However instead his face broke out into a grin and he laughed out loud.	但他的脸却被冲进了一个格栅，大声笑了出来。	2
However in Taiwan, Taiwanese Porridge restaurants serve up classy, upscale Taiwanese Porridge buffets and even romantic porridge dinner meals that feature specialty porridges and side dishes.	然而在台湾，台湾的粥店供应上等的台湾粥自助餐，甚至浪漫的粥餐，特色粥和配菜。	2
However I see Geelong going back to back in 2008.	但我看到季隆在 2008 年又回到了过去。	0
However, it did manage to slow it down, long enough for the villagers to be evacuated safely.	然而，它确实设法减缓了这一速度，使村民能够安全疏散。	0
However, it is important to recognise that when managing change there will be disruptions in organisational routines.	但是，必须认识到，在管理变革时，组织程序将会中断。	1
However, it is not unusual for complications such as bankruptcy or a death of one of the defaulted homeowners to drag this process out even longer.	但是，破产或一名违约业主死亡等复杂情况使这一过程拖得更长，这种情况并不罕见。	0
However, it needs to be admitted that the presence of Fantastico is quite helpful to start building a functional website.	但是，必须承认，幻想会的存在对开始建设一个功能化的网站非常有帮助。	2
However I would have liked a bit more information on the subject of withdrawal, and thought there was room to expand on that particular chapter.	然而，我希望得到更多关于撤回问题的资料，并认为有余地扩大这一章节的内容。	0
However Mickey Rourke as Whiplash is more than enough of reason to watch this movie.	但米克 · 罗尔克（米克 · 罗尔克）是观看这部电影的充分理由。	2
However, Moneypenny estimates that only slightly fewer employers have been coming to her job fairs and that employment events at college and university campuses are actually on the upswing.	但是， Moneypenny 估计，参加她的招聘会的雇主只有略少，学院和大学校园的就业活动实际上正在上升。	1
However, most individuals in Brooklyn are fortunate enough to get insurance from their employer.	但是，布鲁克林的大多数人都很幸运地从雇主那里获得保险。	0
However, my optimistic thinking was that it could work out fine and there was very little lost in doing the earlier refret when the fingerboard was loose.	但是，我乐观地认为，它可以成功，而且在刚才的反驳中，当指板松动时，几乎没有什么损失。	1
However, other experimental findings question the primacy of gonadal hormones and suggest a role for other factors.	然而，其他实验结果质疑淋腺激素的首要地位，并建议其他因素发挥作用。	1
However, professionals may be faced with a conflict between their duty to report suspected criminal offences and their duty to respect the confidentiality of the vulnerable adult.	然而，专业人员可能面临报告涉嫌刑事犯罪的义务与尊重弱势成年人保密的义务之间的冲突。	0
However, progress was halted when this waiver application was rejected by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS).	然而，当医疗保险和医疗援助服务中心拒绝这一豁免申请时，进展被中止。	1
However, rainfall over Gujarat region and Saurastra and Kutch remained highly deficient.	然而，古吉拉特地区以及索拉斯特和库特奇的降雨量仍然严重不足。	0
However, RFS does not scale well even if this ratio is kept constant.	但是，即使这一比率保持不变， RFS 也不能很好地扩展。	0
However, she had faced worse things and there was hardly a pause before she undid her seat belt and opened the door.	但是，她面临着更糟糕的事情，在她解开安全带并打开门之前几乎没有停顿。	2
HOWEVER She is flighty and afraid to get to close to people because she has a mom and dad who have been married many times before.	但是她很有勇气，害怕接近别人，因为她有一个父亲和母亲，她已经结婚了很多次。	2
However, Snyder adds, this means IE users have to wait sometimes a year or more to get the benefit of the QA work.	但是 Snyder 补充说，这意味着 IE 用户有时需要等待一年或更长时间才能从 QA 工作中获益。	0
However, Society for the Promotion of Community Standards spokesman David Lane said the game should be R18.	但是，促进社区标准协会发言人戴维 · 里说，比赛应该是 R18 。	1
However, some proposed theories include theories that have been around for decades and have eluded methods of discovery and testing ...	然而，一些拟议的理论包括几十年来一直存在并未能找到发现和测试方法的理论。	0
However, the City of Atlanta is providing a very disproportionate share of the existing shelter beds.	但是，亚特兰大市在现有的收容所床位中所占的比例非常大。	0
However, the committee provided no enforcement measures and no way to effectively identify and correct future problems as they arise.	然而，委员会没有采取任何执法措施，也没有办法在今后出现问题时有效地查明和纠正这些问题。	0
However the downfall would not be an automatically negative event, since with each step humanity at large would benefit.	然而，这种情况并不会自动成为一个消极事件，因为每一步都将使全人类受益。	1
However, the ease of install and dramatic results do come at a cost- as much as 10 times the cost of a regular sheet of gypsum sheet drywall.	但是，安装的简便性和显著的效果确实是成本的 10 倍，而成本是常规石膏板干墙的 10 倍。	2
However, the economy in my area is getting worse and I have had one rental house vacant now for more than three months.	但是，我所在地区的经济正在恶化，我现在有一个出租房空置了三个多月。	1
However, the franchisees have hyperlinked that avenue q is rational and is surprisingly observed to this or any short particular street.	然而，特许经营人已经将 Q 大道的合理性与此超文本链接起来，并令人惊讶地注意到这条或任何一条简短的特定街道。	2
However, the hand held wand could affect your device if it were held over your ICD for several seconds.	但是，如果手持式光笔在 ICD 上停留几秒钟，则可能会影响您的设备。	0
However, the historical development of timba has been quite independent of the development of salsa in the United States and Puerto Rico and the music has its own trademark aspects.	然而， timba 的历史发展与美国和波多黎各萨尔萨的发展是相当独立的，音乐有其自身的商标特征。	0
However, the majority of the water from this large watershed ends up in one main stream which flows into Lake Luzerne from Second Lake.	然而，这一大流域的大部分水最终形成了一条从第二湖流入卢塞恩湖的主要河流。	1
However, there are specific steps involved and you must be able to complete these steps exactly as written to ensure your computer will still fire up afterwards.	但是，需要执行特定的步骤，并且您必须能够完全按照写入的步骤完成这些步骤，以确保您的计算机在之后仍会启动。	1
However, there is an urgent need to determine what is the minimum mix of acute care services that is needed for patient safety in association with an accident and emergency department.	然而，迫切需要确定与事故和紧急部门联系，为病人安全所需的急诊服务的最低组合。	2
However there were certain differences between the two Regimental Colours.	但是，这两种方案颜色之间存在一定的差异。	0
However, the share of the market represented by online grocery retailers is expected to continue to grow significantly in forthcoming years.	然而，在线食品零售商所占市场份额预计在未来几年将继续大幅增长。	0
However, the Third had forgotten to extend his own AT Field to counter the defensive field of the enemy.	但是，第三人忘记了在战场上反击敌人防御阵地的行动。	1
However, the uncertain economic climate and resulting downward pressure on margins dampened the financial impact of this growth.	然而，不确定的经济气候和由此产生的利润下降压力，削弱了这一增长的财政影响。	2
However this disease has been transformed into a chronic illness and thus patient numbers are accumulating.	但是，这种疾病已经转变为一种慢性疾病，因此患者人数正在增加。	0
However, this will be a rally in what seems to us be to a general drift lower, as the bearish macro background is still very much with us....	然而，这将是一个在我们看来似乎一般都在下降的情况下的集会，因为我们仍然有着很强的宏观背景。。。	1
However, this yearly frequency is lower than the median frequencies of price changes per year found in Blinder et al.	然而，这一年频率低于 Blinder 等人所发现的每年价格变化的中位频率	0
However, to achieve the authorities' objective of containing inflation, and to avoid the loss of confidence to which an acceleration of inflation would give rise, any release of liquidity needs to be guided within an appropriate overall monetary framework.	然而，为了实现当局遏制通货膨胀的目标，并避免通货膨胀加速所造成的信心丧失，任何流动资金的释放都需要在适当的总体货币框架内加以指导。	0
However, we cannot know how the law might have evolved had it not been pushed to one side by regulation.	然而，我们不知道，如果法律不被监管推到一边，法律可能会如何演变。	2
However, we reserve the right to make changes to information contained within our brochure and will advise you of these changes at point of booking or when they are known to us.	但是，我们保留对我们手册中所含信息进行更改的权利，并将在预订时或我们知道这些更改时告知您。	0
However, we soon discovered that a coloring book and a bunch a crayons did wonders, and we were able to tame them for at least an hour.	然而，我们很快发现一本着色的书和一群蜡笔确实令人惊叹，我们至少可以在一个小时内驯服它们。	2
However, we started voting them out last November and will continue to vote them out this November.	但是，我们去年 11 月开始投票，今年 11 月将继续投票。	0
However what wonderful people give their time and energy to run the Club, and keep the green and flower borders immaculate.	然而，那些优秀的人给他们的时间和精力来经营俱乐部，并保持绿色和鲜花的边界完美无缺。	2
However, while these two fiends escaped justice, the Triangle Shirtwaist Company Fire became a national symbol of factory neglect and abuse.	然而，在这两个死角逃脱法网的同时，三角白尾丝公司火灾成为了工厂忽视和滥用的国家象征。	2
However, you can call your local doctor to see if they have the vaccines or know where you can get some.	但是，你可以打电话给你的当地医生看看他们是否有疫苗或者知道你可以在哪里买到疫苗。	0
However, you need not use these capabilities, and the general operation is similar to the older scopes.	但是，您不需要使用这些功能，而常规操作与旧范围类似。	2
However you need to understand that everyone views race issues from a different angle.	但是，您需要了解每个人都从不同的角度看待种族问题。	0
However you shall be well rewarded in the services that you are going to get.	但是，您将获得的服务将得到良好的回报。	1
However, you will often want to specify security based on a SQL Server User ID with permissions set specifically for the application you are using.	但是，您通常需要根据 SQL Server 用户 ID 指定安全性，该 ID 的权限是专门为您使用的应用程序设置的。	2
How familiar are you with web standards and web design best practices?	您对 Web 标准和 Web 设计最佳实践的熟悉程度如何？	1
How far he went on the downward course is still unproved.	他的下行到底有多远还没有得到证实。	1
How has character helped you and your team throughout the season?	角色在整个赛季中对您和您的团队有何帮助？	0
How have the performances at the club impacted your international career?	俱乐部的表演对您的国际职业生涯有何影响？	0
How he got caught by Snatchers and his body sent in pieces to the Weasley family.	他是如何被清迈人抓住的，他的尸体被碎片送到了韦斯利家族。	1
How is his infatuation going to work out?	他的病魔将如何解决？	1
How is the distance between here and the moon to collapse?	这里和月亮之间的距离是如何倒塌的？	2
How is this mess going to be paid for.	这种混乱将如何得到回报。	2
How is this supposed to be a normal Skirmish again?	这又怎能成为一场正常的小冲突呢？	1
How is your pregnancy going so far and how far along are you?	您的妊娠进展如何？您的妊娠进展如何？	2
How long can you survive without wrecking your car?	您可以在不损坏汽车的情况下生存多长时间？	1
How long does a woman have to wait to excersize after giving birth?	一名妇女在分娩后必须等待多久才能开始运动？	0
How long should my child remain rear facing?	我的孩子应保持后向多长时间？	2
How many have seen the news today people with a tape?	今天有多少人用磁带看到了这一新闻？	0
How many migrants, of which types and with which profiles are to be expected during the two coming decades?	在未来的二十年里，预计有多少移民，其中哪些类型和哪些情况？	1
How many miles do we drive each day?	我们每天驾驶多少英里？	0
How many times does socialism need to fail before these folks catch on.	社会主义在这些人迎头赶上之前需要失败多少次。	2
How many times have you seen me with my IPOD on?	您在 iPod 上看到我多少次？	2
How many wondrous afternoons were whiled away with just my stories and a jumbled handful of utensils?	有多少个奇妙的下午被我的故事和几个混乱的餐具所困扰？	1
How Merlin should have ended reviews The final episode rewritten.	Merlin 应该如何结束对重写的最后一集的回顾。	2
How much behind the rest of the world are we?	我们在世界其他地区落后多少？	1
How much can you deposit in the bank without raising any red flags?	您可以在不悬挂任何危险信号的情况下存入银行多少钱？	2
How much does each gallon of paint and each brush cost?	每加仑油漆和每刷刷的成本是多少？	1
How Much Does Healthcare Cost in the United States?	美国的医疗保健成本是多少？	0
How much does it make at the wheels?	它在车轮上的作用是多少？	1
How much fun this story would be if it were continued!	如果这个故事继续下去，会有多有趣！	1
How much installed memory is needed in a computer if one is not saving data?	如果计算机不保存数据，则需要多少已安装内存？	1
How much manipulating of others with prayer do you think is ethical?	你认为用祈祷操纵他人的行为有多道德？	2
How Much Money Does a CIA Agent Make Per Year?	中情局代理每年赚多少钱？	0
How Much Money Does the President of the United States Get Paid a Year?	美国总统每年得到多少钱？	0
How much will their association really affect the power?	他们的关联会对权力产生多大的影响？	1
How Not to Invest Some contractors may be short on work during this recession.	在经济衰退期间，如何不投资某些承包人可能是工作上的不足。	1
How should assets in the country be held?	该国的资产应如何持有？	0
How should it be promoted to selected customers to communicate the desired position?	应如何将其推广到选定的客户以传达所需的职位？	0
How should nasobex be used or nasone license.	如何使用 nasobex 或 nasone 许可证。	0
How someone could make him feel so good?	有什么人能让他感觉如此好？	0
How surprising is that, when the system itself operates on the principle of using the worst prisoners to discipline and control the most unoffending ones?	当该制度本身以使用最坏囚犯来惩戒和控制最违法囚犯的原则运作时，这是多么令人惊讶？	2
How the dinner was enjoyed need not be told.	不需要告诉我们晚餐是如何享受的。	1
How the Independent Police Complaints Commission carried out its responsibilities should also be scrutinised.	此外，亦应详细研究投诉警方独立监察委员会如何履行其职责。	0
How these conflicts shape the armed struggle between Western forces and the Taliban is the primary focus of the course.	这些冲突如何影响西方部队和塔利班之间的武装斗争是这一进程的主要焦点。	0
How this is brought about remains one of the most fundamental questions of developmental biology.	如何实现这一目标仍然是发育生物学的最根本问题之一。	1
How to Avoid Wasting Time at Forecasting Insights from a webinar in the Applying Business Analytics Webinar Series.	如何避免浪费时间预测应用业务分析网络研讨会系列中的见解。	2
How to Become an Occupational Therapist Assistant An Occupational Therapist Assistant job deals with the patients to follow a trea...	如何成为职业治疗师助理职业治疗师助理工作与患者一起跟随治疗 ...	2
How to Care for a Lucky Bamboo Dracaena Plant Lucky bamboo may resemble bamboo, but it is actually a member of the Dracaena family and not a bamboo at all.	如何照顾幸运的竹子多拉赛纳植物幸运竹子可能类似于竹子，但它实际上是德拉赛纳家族的成员，根本不是竹子。	1
How to Change Ownership of a Business in Texas?	如何更改德克萨斯州企业的所有权？	0
How To Choose An Electric Guitar For a music aficionado, the electric guitar is the instrument that offers the greatest thrill.	如何为音乐爱好者选择电动吉他，电动吉他是最令人兴奋的乐器。	0
How to Create a Printable Banner Looking to create a banner to celebrate a special occasion?	如何创建可打印横幅以创建横幅以庆祝特殊场合？	2
How to Find Money Hiding in the Duck Here are six more potential survival crutches.	如何在这里的鸭子中寻找资金，还有六条可能的生存拐杖。	2
How to get a BIG BUM like Beyonce!	如何获得像 Beyonce 这样的大生意！	2
How to get a job at Northern Virginia Association of Realtors.	如何在北弗吉尼亚房地产经纪人协会获得工作。	0
How to Get Wax Off of a Candlestick Holder Candle wax can be removed quite easily from a candleholder.	如何将蜡从烛台支架中取出蜡烛蜡可以很容易地从烛台中取出。	1
How to Invest and How Much can I invest?	如何投资以及我可以投资多少？	0
How to measure for a harness order now Turquoise harness in all your favorite leather colors.	如何测量线束订单，现在使用您最喜欢的所有皮革颜色制作绿松石线束。	2
How to Reduce Credit Card Interest Rates | by guitarguy | in General The main reason you would want to reduce credit card interest rates is to make it easier to red...	如何降低信用卡利率 | 通过猜测 | 一般而言，您想要降低信用卡利率的主要原因是为了让它更容易红色 ...	2
How to write codes in MS Access Forms to validate our data in the field?	如何在 MS Access Forms 中编写代码以验证我们在现场的数据？	0
Howver you could always try herbal remedies to build up your imune system.	你总是可以尝试草药疗法来建立你的 imune 系统。	1
How was he going to figure a way to see her without her seeing him?	他怎么会想出一种不让她看到他的方式呢？	1
How well youth negotiate these experiences will be influenced by several different variables in their lives such as the stability youth experience in their relationships with family and friends.	青年如何谈判这些经验将受到其生活中的几个不同变量的影响，例如青年在与家人和朋友的关系中的稳定经验。	1
How we respond to them will determine how they respond back to us and to others.	我们如何回应他们将决定他们如何回应我们和其他人。	0
How will he cope with going back to normal life?	他将如何应对恢复正常生活？	0
How will it change the life currently takes place?	它将如何改变目前的生活？	0
How will you end with conviction and on target?	你将如何以信念和目标结束？	1
How you are treated on the first few dates, will be a yard stick for future dates.	在最初的几个日期，您的待遇将成为未来日期的一个庭院棒。	2
How you bill a patient or an insurance company when the patient is in observation status depends on the policy and the doctor.	当患者处于观察状态时，您如何向患者或保险公司付款取决于政策和医生。	0
How you dress speaks volumes about your character and personality.	你的着装方式可以表达你的性格和个性。	0
HRD minimum qualification review is its primary effort in the hiring process This review is to ensure all those qualified can compete for state positions.	HRD minimum qualification review is its primary effort in the hiring process this review is to ensure all those qualified can compete for state positions.	2
Huang noted factory tours will attract many foreigners as well as locals, adding such factories can help to boost consumption; while the MOEA will assist flagship factories of listed firms to set up tours.	黄建华指出，工厂参观不仅吸引了许多外国人，也吸引了许多当地人，加上这类工厂有助于提高消费；而经济部将协助上市公司的旗舰工厂建立旅游。	1
Huck went to his house out in back and Olivia and Fitz just put Sophia down when Quinn said she had a date and was heading out.	许克回到了后面的家，奥利维亚和菲茨只是把索菲亚放下来，奎恩说她有约会，然后就出去了。	0
Huge selection of accessories to get your nursery just perfect.	丰富的配件选择让您的婴儿护理变得完美。	1
Human Resource Services will accept unofficial copies of transcript evaluations until the date of hire.	人力资源处将接受非正式的成绩单评价副本，直至聘用之日为止。	0
Human Resources What skills and positions are required?	人力资源需要哪些技能和职位？	0
Humans will be powerless to stop the shift to a new climate on Earth, one much less sympathetic to life.	人类将无法阻止向地球上的新气候的转变，更不能同情生命。	2
Hundreds of people have been seen in recent days collecting water from the lagoon, which is heavily polluted.	最近几天，有数百人从严重污染的泻湖中收集水。	1
Hundreds of thousands are left with permanent brain damage.	成千上万的人留下了永久的大脑损伤。	0
Hunters must agree to this requirement and demonstrate their commitment by actually taking antlerless deer.	猎人必须同意这一要求，并通过实际服用无杀鹿来表明他们的承诺。	2
Huntington Beach is a popular coastal city, but there are still many opportunities to get a tropical oasis for bottom of the market prices.	亨廷顿海滩（ Huntington Beach ）是一座受欢迎的沿海城市，但仍有许多机会以最低市场价格获得热带绿洲。	2
Hunt the chick - find the toy easter chicks hidden around the house and win a delicious prize.	寻找小鸡 - 寻找藏在房子周围的玩具复活节小鸡，赢取美味奖品。	0
Hurry up Ash so you can save Misty.	赶快行动吧，这样你就可以救米斯蒂了。	0
Hutchko was acknowledged for his achievements within the operation with a formal letter from President Ford, who thanked everyone for their help.	福特总统的一封正式信函肯定了和记科在行动中取得的成就，他感谢每个人的帮助。	0
Hwoarang let Xiao in ahead of them and waited until she was well in front of them, admiring the house, before he shut the door.	华光让小晓站在他们前面，等到她在他们面前走得很好，向房子表示钦佩，然后他就把门关上了。	2
Hydroxytryptophan vitamin b12 weight loss pills But is the cocoa of this trading the same?	Hydroxytryptophan 维生素 B12 减肥药丸，但这种可可交易是否相同？	2
Hymmmmm the next chapter is already on its way...	嗯，下一章已经开始了 ...	1
Hypertensive heart disease was confirmed by transthoracic echocardiography and radiograph examination.	高血压性心脏病通过经胸超声心动图检查和放射图检查得到证实。	1
Hypertrichosis is the excessive growth of body hair in a normal or abnormal pattern.	高三毛血症是指身体发在正常或异常模式下过度生长。	2
Hypnosis Ezy The key to receiving everything you deserve is contained in this special...	催眠 ezy 这个特别的东西包含了你应该得到的一切的钥匙 ...	2
Hypnosis is truly a traditional practice that goes much further back in time prior to Mesmer.	催眠是一种真正的传统做法，它在梅斯默之前就已有了很大的追溯。	0
Hyuuga posts up at the center behind the three point line.	希乌加在三点线后面的中心站起来。	2
I absolutely love this story and its been forever since a new chapter has been up!	我绝对喜欢这个故事，它永远是新篇章的翻开！	2
I actually found myself laughing during the final battle!	我在最后一场战斗中发现自己在笑！	0
I actually grew up listening to the soundtrack Randy Travis, Kenny Rogers, John Denver and Dolly Parton.	我其实是听了兰迪 · 特拉维斯，肯尼 · 罗杰斯，约翰 · 丹佛和多利 · 帕顿的原声音乐长大的。	1
I actually preferred a competitor called Common Ground from No Hannds Software that could produce a 300-dpi bitmap that eliminated the need to embed fonts.	实际上，我更喜欢一个竞争对手，叫做 No Hannds Software 的 Common Ground ，该竞争对手可以生成 300 dpi 的位图，从而消除了嵌入字体的需要。	1
I added Baba Ghannoug to the sandwich and that made it better.	我在三明治里加入了 Baba Ghannoug ，这让它变得更好了。	1
I admit I do not know about the Sassanids but you have to admit that the scale of the siegeworks at Masada is a bit awe inspiring.	我承认我不知道萨桑尼兹，但你必须承认，马萨达的围困规模有点令人敬畏。	2
I adopted the Edward Cullen physical fanlisting out to Camilla, located here.	我把爱德华 · 库伦的身体狂热列入了这里的卡米拉。	2
I adore the volcanic stone mortar and pestle I got in Singapore, even though crushing spices by hand is so last century.	我喜欢我在新加坡得到的火山石砂浆和泥浆，尽管上个世纪是如此，用手碾碎香料。	2
I advice all who read this in the strongest possible words.	我建议所有用最强烈的语言阅读这一内容的人。	2
I agree but please not to much that it actually made the usual comedy of your chapter is gone.	我同意，但请不要太多地说，这实际上使你那一章的通常喜剧消失了。	2
I agree that JK has the coolest toys of them all!	我同意 JK 拥有最酷的玩具！	2
I agree that real estate speculation and what you live should be separate if possible.	我同意房地产投机和你的生活应该尽可能分开。	1
I Agree with the President on Health Care A Little Bit.	我有点同意总统在医疗方面的看法。	0
I almost felt part of the Diomedes' crew as they escaped from this turmoil and into the misty and eerily quiet world to the west.	我几乎感受到了迪奥梅德的机组人员，他们逃离了这场动乱，进入了西方那雾蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙蒙的，平静的世界。	2
I almost had tears in my eyes at the joy.	我几乎对这种喜悦的喜悦感到哭了。	2
I almost used the word Fripp in a sentence!	我几乎在一句话中使用了 Fripp 这个词！	1
I alrady hold Master degree from Indian Institute of Technology.	我一直持有印度理工学院的硕士学位。	1
I already heated it up a little bit.	我已经加热了一点。	1
I already left you a long review at RC.	我已经在 RC 给你们留下了很长的评论。	0
I also await the release of Play Dirty, another film which should have been released on DVD years ago.	我也期待着《肮脏的游戏》的发行，这是一部本应在几年前在 DVD 上发行的电影。	1
I also commend those organisations and agencies that have allowed us to supply editorial on the smartraveller campaign in their publications and who have linked to smartraveller from their website.	我还赞扬那些允许我们在其出版物中提供关于 " 聪明旅行者 " 运动的编辑资料并从其网站链接到 " 聪明旅行者 " 的组织和机构。	2
I also do not you, other than by what you say, but I do know that limbo is not a good place to be and you have control over that.	我也不是你，除了你说的话，但我确实知道， Limbo 不是一个好地方，你可以控制这个地方。	2
I also fear much of your post will be proven to be true.	我也担心你的大部分职位会被证明是真的。	2
I also feel like this story has lost its way somewhere.	我也觉得这个故事已经在某处迷失了方向。	1
I also go on the internet whenever I can.	我还可以随时上网。	0
I also have a somewhat shortened attention span, and may drift off to do other works.	我的关注范围也有所缩短，可能会偏离去做其他的工作。	1
I also have been working the AA program for 8 mths now to make a better life for myself and my family.	我还在 AA 计划工作了 8 个月，为我和我的家人创造了更美好的生活。	0
I also hope that she will be able to reconcile work and family in her life, this being a reality that we all have to deal with.	我还希望她能够在生活中兼顾工作和家庭，这是我们大家都必须处理的现实。	0
I also insist in the way the chapters introduced the characters and how Marianne took part of both characters.	我还坚持各章介绍角色的方式以及 Marianne 如何参与这两个角色。	2
I also learned a lot of people can get bruising or burns!!	我还了解到很多人会受伤或烧伤！！	1
I also love movies like Gladiator and King Arthur.	我也喜欢像格拉迪斯和亚瑟王这样的电影。	2
I also pay particular attention to grammar and spelling.	我还特别关注语法和拼写。	0
I also realised once again the enormity of damage caused by terror attacks and I felt the deep sorrow of the bereaved families of the terror victims.	我还再次意识到恐怖袭击造成的巨大损失，我感到恐怖受害者的遗属的深切悲痛。	2
I also really appreciate the professionalism on this list.	我也非常感谢这份名单上的专业精神。	1
I also somehow got wings and more powers than they do.	我也得到了一些翅膀和比他们更多的权力。	2
I also stated that drugs should stay illegal for personal use.	我还指出，毒品应当继续非法用于个人用途。	2
I also took this opportunity to do some paragraph editing.	我还借此机会编辑了一些段落。	0
I also want to catch a species that folks tell me will make the fight of a mahseer seem like that of a pussy cat.	我还想捕捉一种人们告诉我的物种，这种物种将使红木人的战斗看起来像一只麻木猫的战斗。	2
I always assumed that the resiliency was designed into it from the get go.	我总是假设弹性是从开始设计的。	2
I always cook before I leave or make sure there is food they can warm up.	我总是在离开之前做饭，或者确保有食物可以加热。	0
I always felt a spiritual depth before I could ever verbalize it or...	在我能说出来之前，我总是感觉自己的精神深度，或者 ...	2
I always look to hangout with people who understand fight and enjoy the martial arts scene.	我总是希望和那些了解战斗和欣赏武术现场的人在一起。	1
I am a 23 year old male and I'm lifting weights and doing cardio at least every second day consistently.	我是一个 23 岁的男性，我在不断地提高体重，至少每隔一天做一次有氧运动。	1
I am a bit worried that this is the second gaffe that I know of, with the Gandhi comment having happened four years back.	我有点担心这是我所知道的第二个问题，甘地的评论发生在四年前。	2
I am able to attend part of the morning meeting and can address any questions then.	我可以参加上午的部分会议，然后可以回答任何问题。	1
I am actually trying to be just practical whether it would be worth actually systematically, appropriately collecting the data in a form that would be acceptable to the scientific community.	我实际上是在努力做到实际可行，实际上是否值得系统地收集数据，并以科学界可以接受的形式收集数据。	2
I am a freelance technical writer who is trying to make it as a fiction writer.	我是一位自由职业技术作家，他试图把它变成一位小说作家。	2
I am a Hospice nurse and need to visit about 5 patients daily in places unfamiliar to me so I still map quest before going out to prevent getting lost.	我是一名医院护士，每天需要到我不熟悉的地方去探望大约 5 名病人，因此我仍然在出发前为他们绘制地图，以防止他们迷路。	2
I a majoring in Drama and minoring in Japanese.	我是德拉玛的主修，也是日本人的事。	2
I am also amenable that in this blogosphere where everyone can just write anything, it also endangers the Internet.	我也可以接受，在这个每个人都可以写任何东西的博客圈中，它也会危及 Internet 。	1
I am also looking forward to kenyas and bones relationship developing more.	我还期待着肯尼亚和骨骼关系的进一步发展。	2
I am also not very good at teaching, or showing others how to do any one specific task.	我也不是很好的教学，也不是很好地向他人展示如何做任何一项具体的任务。	1
I am also the chair of the House Appropriations Sub Committee on education funding.	我亦是教育经费拨款小组委员会的主席。	1
I am always smiling and have a great ability to get others to do so to.	我总是面带微笑，并且有能力让他人这样做。	1
I am a mother of a 19 year old male with diabetes, and I think at this age the information it received would be useful to control their diabetes.	我是一个 19 岁患有糖尿病的男性的母亲，我认为在这个年龄，它所得到的信息将有助于控制他们的糖尿病。	1
I am an Italian guy and I live in a nice place near the sea called Agropoli, in southern Italy.	我是一个意大利人，我住在意大利南部的一个很好的地方，靠近大海，叫 Agropoli 。	0
I am a person who tries to build consensus among people and obviously some days I do better than others.	我是一个试图在人们之间建立共识的人，很明显，我在某些日子做得比其他人好。	1
I am appalled that the Football Association and the Premier League have allowed this situation to develop has far as it has.	我感到震惊的是，足球协会和英超允许这种情况发展得远远不够。	2
I am a Springfield area native, committed to each of my clients...	我是斯普林菲尔德地区的本地人，致力于为我的每一位客户提供服务 ...	0
I am a wildlife rehabilitator and I use this product mostly with young squirrels.	我是一个野生动物康复者，我主要将这种产品用于年轻的松鼠。	2
I am bored with bugging Ofer and Mann, I think I will find out who is on their board and start up a conversation with them.	我对窃听奥费尔和曼感到厌烦，我想我会找出谁在他们的董事会中，并开始与他们交谈。	1
I am brought yet again to this horrid conclusion by the annual report of the Open University.	开放大学的年度报告再次使我得出了这一可怕的结论。	1
I am by no means a prude, but it is undeniable that the line between what is moral and what is not gets thinner and thinner everyday.	我绝不是一个大问题，但不可否认的是，道德与不道德之间的界线每天都越来越细。	2
I am carrying out a research project to investigate the use of discussion forums for knowledge generation in FET 5601, Designing Instruction for Flexible Delivery.	我正在开展一个研究项目，调查使用论坛在 FET 5601 中生成知识，设计灵活交付指令的情况。	1
I am concerned about worship centers in Sunday School.	我对星期日学校的礼拜中心感到担忧。	2
I am crying in the middle of the night oh my god this story is absolutely beautiful.	我半夜哭着，天呐，这个故事是绝对美丽的。	2
I am currently working on pieces for solo bass and granular synthesis that I hope to start touring with next year.	我目前正在研究单声低音和粒度合成的片段，我希望明年开始研究。	1
I am dirty and worn from traveling, and I wonder why I have caught her eye.	我在旅行中很脏，也很破旧，我不知道为什么我抓住了她的眼睛。	2
I am enjoying how even in a different setting you still have the characters remain mostly in character.	我很喜欢即使在不同的环境中，你仍然有角色大部分是在角色中。	2
I am even considering doing a Winter Great Range Traverse or do it as a 2 day backpacking trip or the area to the south of the High Peaks.	我甚至在考虑参加冬季大草原之旅，或者作为 2 天的背包旅行或者在高地南部地区进行。	2
I am excited of what the LORD has done!	我对耶和华所作的事感到兴奋！	1
I am excited to work with you in building a strong Reiki community here in the Metro Denver area!	我很高兴能与您一起在丹佛大都会地区建立一个强大的 Reiki 社区！	0
I am extremely eager to see the next part.	我非常渴望看到下一个部分。	1
I am fine with starting with Bill 45 because there are no concerns in that regard.	我可以从第 45 号条例草案开始，因为在这方面并无任何疑虑。	0
I am forced to lived with the fake because there is no place elsewhere to go, except my own way as far as possible without the fakery that surrounds me.	我被迫和假的人生活在一起，因为没有地方可以去，除非我自己尽可能地去，没有我周围的假象。	2
I am getting ready to start the classic version in 1 week as I am entering my last round of recovery week for the lean program.	我准备在 1 周内开始经典版本，因为我正在进入精益计划的最后一轮恢复周。	1
I am glad that the Museum has been able to make proceedings of such programs available to a wider audience.	我很高兴博物馆能够向更广泛的观众提供这些节目的记录。	1
I am going to give one of my work that I produced before and discuss about how relates to the statements that I suggested.	我将介绍我之前所做的一项工作，并讨论与我所建议的发言有何关系。	1
I am going to have to let them know you are my new roommate.	我必须让他们知道你是我的新室友。	0
I am going to Mass again, and often am deeply touched by all of it.	我将再次参加弥撒，并且经常被所有的事情深深打动。	1
I am happy to combine shipping when possible unless the size of the items are too large.	我很高兴在可能的情况下合并配送，除非商品尺寸太大。	1
I am having a difficult time changing my sniper rifle to an ammo based weapon.	我很难将我的狙击步枪更换为基于 AMMO 的武器。	1
I am however a bit confused as to what happened to Bronson?	但我对布朗森发生了什么感到有点困惑？	1
I am in charge of the pacification sector within the Friends of the Gospel.	我负责福音之友中的安抚行业。	1
I am infact a lesbian and I enjoy yuri anime.	我其实是一个女同性恋，我喜欢尤里的动画。	0
I am in Rockingham but would love to see what all areas have to offer & meet some lovely people in the process.	我在罗克汉姆，但我很想看看所有地区都能提供什么，并在这个过程中遇到一些可爱的人。	0
I am intending to pay up to 55 coins for this offer since this would take a lot of work.	我打算为这笔报价支付多达 55 枚硬币，因为这需要做很多工作。	1
I am interested in meeting other professionals in the city.	我有兴趣与该市的其他专业人士会面。	0
I am just doing this off the top of my head, I have not really got a definitive analysis from my staff or from MPIC.	我只是在头脑中做这件事，我并没有从我的员工或 MPIC 得到确切的分析。	1
I am just not good at sharing and I would want you for myself.	我只是不愿意分享，我想让你为自己分享。	2
I am just wondering, do you know your dentist well and if not have you considered getting a second opinion?	我只是想知道，你对牙医是否了解，如果不了解，你是否考虑获得第二个意见？	1
I am keeping my eye out for the next event!	我一直关注下一个活动！	1
I am looking forward to seeing how you end it though!	尽管如此，我仍期待看到您如何结束这一过程！	1
I am looking to bring my business to the city and would love to connect with other small business owners to learn how to take my business to the next level.	我希望将我的业务带到城市，并希望与其他小型企业所有者联系，学习如何将我的业务提升到新的水平。	0
I am lookin to develope an automatic system that would sense ice build up on these roofs.	我很喜欢开发一个自动系统，它能感应到冰在这些屋顶上积聚。	1
I am more interested in film as an extension of live performance, but also studied acting in college and want to do some on scree acting!	我对电影作为现场表演的延伸更感兴趣，但也在大学里学习表演，想做一些尖叫声表演！	2
I am neither one of your screaming fangirls, and though I live in Trinidad and Tobago, I would love to attend an Anime convention.	我既不是你们的尖叫声，尽管我住在特立尼达和多巴哥，但我还是愿意参加一个安默会议。	1
I am new to Phoenix and am looking to meet some cool people to hang out with.	我是凤凰城的新朋友，我希望能遇到一些很酷的人。	1
I am not familiar enough with Catholic Church history to know if all the ten documents that Wheless mentions are true forgeries.	我对天主教会的历史还不熟悉，不知道惠勒斯所提到的十份文件是否都是真正的伪造文件。	0
I am not in denial of this either, I accept truth and I realize that I do this, and I am working on it, I have chilled out on a lot of things with her recently.	我也不否认这一点，我接受真理，我意识到我这样做了，我正在努力，我最近和她在很多事情上都冷静下来了。	1
I am not making light of my actions, which if successfully would have cost over two hundred innocent persons their lives.	我不是在轻谈我的行动，如果成功的话，我的行动将使 200 多名无辜的人丧生。	1
I am not saying you can freeze a relationship to death, but the message must go out that if there is a crime there will be a penalty.	我并不是说你可以冻结与死亡的关系，但这一信息必须表明，如果有犯罪行为，就会受到惩罚。	2
I am not sure that we have quorum in the Chamber as debate continues.	我不能肯定，随着辩论的继续，我们在会议厅中有法定人数。	2
I am not sure what I could possibly have sorted out in the absence of the entire ideas documented by you relating to such subject matter.	我不知道在没有你们就这一主题所记录的全部想法的情况下，我可能会解决什么问题。	2
I am not worrying about the other competitors.	我并不担心其他竞争对手。	0
I am now sharing my knowledge, understanding and passion of Hypnotherapy with those who have a desire to help people or to simply improve their own lives.	我现在与那些希望帮助人们或仅仅改善自己生活的人分享我对催眠的知识，理解和激情。	2
I am open to pursuation as to why there might need to be specific outlets for this or that group in society.	我愿意追究为何在社会上可能需要为这一群体或那一群体提供具体渠道。	1
I am particularly knowledgeable about RE's of that Vintage if I do say so myself.	如果我自己这样说的话，我对复古的了解就特别多了。	2
I am passionate about every topic in the world of IT and I'm proud to work with people that share the same feeling.	我对 IT 领域的每个话题都充满热情，我很自豪能够与具有相同感受的人合作。	0
I am planning to be in the Tampa area the last week in March.	我计划在 3 月的最后一周前往坦帕地区。	0
I am posting lots of events and will be posting match events soon.	我正在发布大量活动，不久将发布比赛活动。	0
I am praying that there is going to be a cure or at least a vaccine that will prevent the transmission.	我在祈祷，将有一种治疗办法，或至少一种疫苗来防止传播。	0
I am proud of our common projects as well as our personal friendship.	我为我们的共同项目以及我们的个人友谊感到自豪。	0
I am Rachel Berry and this is my friend Kurt Hummel.	我是 Rachel Berry ，这是我的朋友 Kurt Hummel 。	0
I am really enjoying this story you have done a great job developing the characters and your storyline.	我真的很喜欢这个故事，你在发展角色和故事情节方面做了很好的工作。	1
I am really going to be all alone after everything..	我真的会在一切事情之后都是一个人。。。。	2
I am really impressed by the scope and depth of opportunities this Meetup site presents to photo enthusiasts.	我对这个 Meetup 网站为摄影爱好者带来的机会的范围和深度印象深刻。	0
I am reminded, once again, that I hate football coaches and anyone who treats football as anything more than a sport that should be fun.	我再次被提醒，我讨厌足球教练和任何人把足球视为一项应该有趣的运动。	2
I am required ot have full disk encryption.	我需要完全磁盘加密。	0
I am satisfied on the evidence that the discharge was shortened to a couple of seconds because of the dislodged probe.	有证据显示，由于探头移位，放电时间缩短至几秒钟，我对此表示满意。	1
I am selective about whom I tell about my practice.	我有选择地告诉我的做法是谁。	2
I am slightly nervous about selling everything and moving forward but I know in the end it will be the best thing for me.	我对销售所有产品和向前推进有点紧张，但我知道最终这对我来说将是最好的事情。	2
I am slowly realizing that you are really gone.	我慢慢地意识到你真的已经离开了。	0
I am somewhat saddened that she can not get her fair and full share..	我感到有些难过的是，她无法得到公平和充分的份额。	1
I am sorry if my object was not made perfectly clear.	如果我的目标没有完全明确的话，我很抱歉。	1
I am suprised that Abit is so service minded most manufacturers would just have exchanged the mortherboard.	我感到惊讶的是， BIT 的服务意识如此之强，大多数制造商只是交换了黑板。	0
I am sure it will be well expended, and the horses will gallop all the faster with the blessing of the poor.	我相信，这项计划将会得到充分的利用，而马匹在穷人的支持下会更快地跑得更快。	1
I am sure most of us do not believe that reservations are fundamentally wrong.	我相信，我们大多数人并不认为保留从根本上是错误的。	1
I am sure this post has touched all the internet people, its really really fastidious piece of writing on building up new webpage.	我相信这篇文章已经触及了所有的互联网用户，它真的是关于建立新网页的一篇非常挑剔的文章。	1
I am thankful we are intelligent enough to understand and utilize the existence and help of others!	我非常感谢我们有足够的智慧来理解和利用他人的存在和帮助！	2
I am the founder of Heal My Voice, empowering women to heal a story in their life to reclaim personal power and step into greater leadership.	我是 Heal My Voice 的创始人，她赋予妇女在生活中修复故事的能力，以重新获得个人权力并进入更大的领导地位。	2
I am totally going fan girl over this so I better stop.	我完全是粉丝，所以我最好停下来。	2
I am trying to make the world a better place than the one I entered.	我正在努力使世界比我进入的世界更美好。	2
I am trying to plan a trip to San Francisco around April 16th and I am unsure where to book a hotel with so many options out there.	我打算在 4 月 16 日左右去旧金山旅行，我不确定在哪里预订一家有很多选择的酒店。	1
I am trying to understand why and what for.	我试图了解原因和原因。	2
I am very impressed that Yong Soo managed to beat up both Antonio and Ivan.	让我印象深刻的是， Yong Soo 成功地击败了 Antonio 和 Ivan 。	0
I am very interested in meeting and talking with you soon.	我对很快与您会面和交谈非常感兴趣。	0
I am very picky about CSI fan fiction that I read but I was instantly caught up in this.	我对我读到的 CSI 球迷小说非常挑剔，但我立刻被卷入其中。	2
I am wondering how I ever survived without it.	我想知道我是如何在没有它的情况下生存下来的。	1
I am working on that idea as well as a couple of others along the same line...	我正在研究这一想法，也正在研究其他一些想法。	0
Ian Moore is on the road with his original quartet and stops at...	伊恩 · 穆尔和他原来的四重奏一起踏上了道路，并在 ... 停下来 ...	1
I appreciated staying at a Days Inn that was so close to the Amtrak station in Toledo.	我很喜欢住在一家戴斯酒店，它离托莱多的美国国铁车站很近。	0
I appreciate healthy peaceful living enjoying the beautiful outdoors.	我欣赏健康，宁静的生活，享受美丽的户外活动。	1
I appreciate that the congressman apologized to the victims of this immoral for profit system that we currently operate under.	我感谢国会议员向我们目前所经营的这一不道德的盈利制度的受害者道歉。	0
I appreciate your consent in allowing me to share your information with him.	感谢您允许我与他分享您的信息。	0
I ask because sometimes certain Saved Sliders will disable the face sculpt controls.	我问，因为有时某些保存的滑块会禁用面部造形控件。	1
I asked him if he wanted to be saved and stop drinking alcohol.	我问他是否想得到拯救，停止喝酒。	1
I asked if he had any suggestions for this.	我问他是否有这方面的建议。	1
I asked participant to fill out a survey (Appendix A) to find out what was or was not lacking in their over all care at the time of diagnosis.	我要求参与者填写一份调查（附录 A ），以了解诊断时他们的整体护理中存在哪些缺陷或不存在哪些缺陷。	1
I asked Prince Hohenlohe and Count de St. Vallier to ask Prince Bismarck to give me the treaty, and I reasoned thus : The Prince says I have rendered service to peace.	我请霍恩罗赫亲王和圣瓦利尔伯爵请俾斯麦亲王给我条约，我这样说：王子说我为和平服务。	2
I asked them to exchange Japan yen to Indian rupee.	我要求他们把日元兑换为印度卢比。	0
I ask God to bring peace on my country and on the Earth.	我请上帝给我的国家和地球带来和平。	0
I aspire daily to be full of gratitude, appreciation and positive energy.	我希望每天都充满感激，赞赏和积极的能量。	1
I assume that on a truck of this size, you will have some type of trailer connector on it.	我认为在这种尺寸的卡车上，您将在上面安装某种类型的拖车连接器。	1
I assure you that I was in no way hurt or offended by your remarks.	我向你保证，你的发言绝不会伤害或冒犯我。	0
I barely got time to sit down and watch Power of Ten and Big Brother last night, but I will have my comments below...	昨晚我几乎没有时间坐下来观看《十大力量》和《大兄弟》，但我会在下面评论 ...	0
I began to notice the pavilions in some detail.	我开始详细地注意到展馆。	2
I believe Google redirected me in right destination to learn more about this topic.	我相信谷歌将我重新定向到正确的目的地，以了解有关此主题的更多信息。	1
I believe in the politics of problematizing matters, of asking questions, and of nuance and endless criticism.	我相信问题，提问，细微差别和无休止的批评的政治。	2
I believe it was also proven recently that although a helmet can reduce the chances of getting a head injury, it can also increase the chances of a neck injury.	我相信最近也有人证明，虽然头盔可以减少头部受伤的机会，但也可以增加颈部受伤的机会。	1
I believe some European travelers came here to worship God in Peace, and live in harmony with the tribes.	我相信一些欧洲旅行者来到这里是为了和平地崇拜上帝，并与部落和谐相处。	1
I believe that both of our top priorities in life are to make the other happy.	我认为，我们生活中的两个首要任务都是让另一个任务快乐。	2
I believe that having solid technique lets me adapt and work with the ingredients at hand.	我相信，有了扎实的技术，我就能适应和处理手头的原料。	0
I believe that passive (inertial or air) pitch angle setting is far from optimum, which is why I am also using a very rigid wing, with only small flexing at the trailing edge.	我认为被动（惯性或空气）俯仰角度设置远非最佳，这也是我使用非常刚性的翼子板的原因，在后缘只有很小的弯曲。	1
I believe that RR is very aware of what it takes to win, and has the vision and focus and strength to make it happen.	我相信 RR 非常了解赢得胜利所需的资源，并有实现目标的愿景，专注和力量。	1
I believe that this explains it, going to the advanced video section of Power Crap unregisteres the nvidea audio decoder who would have thunk it.	我相信这是解释这一点的原因，进入 Power 垃圾邮件的高级视频部分，就会发现那种可能会被它消灭的 nvidea 音频解码器。	0
I believe the government will take a delibrate and considered look at all aspects before making a decision.	我相信政府在作出决定前，会先从各方面考虑，作出一个不好的决定。	0
I believe the money we are spending would be a much better investment by taking care of our own, but it is not the President nor Congress that caused all these investors to create the housing and oil problems.	我相信，我们所花的钱会是一个更好的投资，因为我们自己负责，但不是总统或国会导致所有这些投资者制造住房和石油问题。	2
I believe there are two important focuses for coaches.	我相信教练有两个重要的重点。	2
I bet he must feel so darn terrible.	我敢打赌，他一定会感到如此可怕。	1
I better start looking for a date for my Senior prom which is next April.	我最好开始寻找我的高级项目的日期，该日期是明年 4 月。	2
I bet the children instinctively refuse vegetables simply because they lower the production of opioids.	我敢打赌，孩子们本能地拒绝蔬菜，因为他们降低了类阿片的产量。	2
I bit my tongue to stop myself from gasping in pain.	我用我的舌头阻止自己在痛苦中喘口气。	2
I bloodhounds for sale in ohio to the bank should take but it common absence either.	我在俄亥俄州的血脉出售给银行，但这也是常见的缺勤。	2
I bought a cheap laser thermometer and we use that for track temps and tire temps at each event.	我买了一个便宜的激光温度计，我们用它来处理每一个活动的赛道温度和轮胎温度。	1
I bought seed and am now wondering after reading thru the posts, if this should be direct sown.	我买了种子，读过这些帖子后，我想知道这是否应该直接播种。	0
I bought this book for my husband, but got to reading it before I gave it to him.	我为我的丈夫买了这本书，但在我给他之前就读了它。	1
I bought this for my nephew as he is really into camping etc with the Scouts.	我为我的侄子买了这个，因为他真的很喜欢和童子军一起露营。	2
I brought Noam Chopsky out and let everyone give it a try.	我把 Noam Chopsky 带到了外面，让每个人都来试一试。	0
I cackled wickedly when Ranger revealed his dare for Steph.	当 Ranger 透露他对斯蒂芬的胆量时，我感到非常愤怒。	1
I called and explained that I had never heard of your company or use my cell phone for any billing.	我打电话解释说，我从未听说过您的公司，也从未使用我的手机进行任何计费。	1
I called down to the front and asked them how they keep their hotel smelling so clean.	我打电话到前台询问他们如何让酒店的气味保持如此干净。	1
I came away with a good list of tunes to learn, and pointed others to some great tunes I had picked up during the year.	我带着一份很好的歌曲列表出来学习，并向其他人指出了我在这一年中所学的一些很棒的歌曲。	2
I came back out and evaluated the room.	我回来评估了房间。	2
I can also send out a survey to members about convenient times &amp; places.	我也可以向会员发送一份关于方便时间和地点的调查。	1
I can imagine Scully telling this as a story to her children.	我可以想象， Scully 把这一故事告诉她的孩子。	2
I cannot endure the religion which swims only in boiling water and breathes only in heated air.	我不能忍受只有在沸水中游泳，只有在热空气中呼吸的宗教。	2
I cannot give the book four or five stars (...) Help other customers find the most helpful reviews Was this review helpful to you?	我不能给这本书四星或五星（ ... ）帮助其他客户找到最有帮助的评论是这篇评论对你有帮助吗？	1
I can not mention here what I uttered then, but I suspect there were a lot of fans in Stelleres nation uttering similar things.	我不能在这里提及我当时所说的话，但我怀疑斯泰雷斯国家有很多粉丝在做类似的事情。	1
I cannot wait for the next chapter to come.	我不能等待下一章的到来。	2
I cannot wait to see where this goes!	我等不及要看看这是怎么了！	0
I can only guess as to what the true...	我只能猜测真实的 ...	1
I can possibly see Ginny switching sides to the dark as her soul and mind has already been touched.	我可以看到吉尼在她的灵魂和思想已经被触动的时候，把两侧转向黑暗。	2
I can tell behind, usually blurry eyes that they are still talking, but the only words I can hear are the ones he said so forcefully, and it rocks me to my core.	我可以在背后说，通常是模糊的眼睛，他们还在说话，但我能听到的唯一一句话是他如此有力地说的话，它把我的核心震撼到了。	2
I can think of a lot of land I would like to buy from the Feds at $1000 per acre.	我可以想到我想从 Feds 购买的很多土地，每英亩 1000 美元。	2
I can write a triangle proof using reasoning that begins with assuming the opposite of the desired conclusion.	我可以使用从假设与预期结论相反的推理开始的推理来编写三角证明。	2
I caught a glimpse of another tattoo peeking out from beneath her panties and slowly hooked my finger around the top, pulling them down to reveal a peacock feather.	我从她的领带下面看到另一只纹身，慢慢地把我的手指钩在顶部，把它们拉下来，露出孔雀羽毛。	2
IC DIamond states a pea sized drop in the middle, some say grain of rice in the middle.	IC 钻石公司表示中间有豌豆大小的下降，有人说中间有大米谷物。	2
Ice first and then a few inches of snow.	先是冰，然后是几英寸的雪。	1
Iceman looked ready to protest but Kitty and Jubilee were already helping in getting the kids out.	伊克曼看起来准备好抗议，但基蒂和朱利已经帮助孩子们出去。	2
I changed the disks and migrated most settings during one weekend and used the rest of December to fine tune the new install.	我在一个周末更改了磁盘并迁移了大多数设置，并在 12 月的其余时间微调了新安装。	1
I checked around the house and did not find anything.	我在房子周围看了看，没有发现任何东西。	0
Ichigo almost shivered when she heard the way Kenpachi caressed her name.	Ichigo 几乎感到很颤抖，因为她听到了 Kenpachi 对她的名字的称呼。	1
Ichigo sighed, cursing his luck Ishida had to come just that moment.	伊奇戈叹息说，他的运气不好，伊希达就要来了。	0
Ichijo had never seen someone so frightening before and wished he could return to his state of innocent naivety with which he opposed Rido previously.	Ichijo 从未见过如此可怕的人，希望他能回到他以前反对 Rido 的天真的状态。	1
Ichimaru spread out some papers in front of him on the desk and observed them one last time with his eyes that were somehow not open.	Imcharu 在他面前的桌子上撒了一些纸，最后一次用他的眼睛观察到了这些纸张，但他的眼睛却不知怎么地没有打开。	2
I climb into the cab and before I can shut my door, the passenger side door opens and Rachel is climbing in giving me another good look at those long legs disappearing into those short shorts.	我爬上了驾驶室，在我关闭车门之前，乘客侧的门打开了， Rachel 正在攀爬，让我再次看到那些长腿在短短裤中消失。	2
I cloistered myself from the world at large two centuries ago and the secluded world of the Amazons a generation ago.	两个世纪前，我从世界中与亚马逊的世隔绝开来，一代人前，我就与世隔绝。	2
I collapsed rather ungracefully in the middle of my floor, praying that no more arrows would burst through my bedroom window.	我在我的地板中间倒下，非常不体面，祈祷我的卧室窗户不会再有箭号弹。	2
I completely missed that when skimming through my copy of Beckey last night.	昨晚我在浏览 Beckey 的副本时，完全错过了这个机会。	1
I completely trust his doctor and the diagnosis.	我完全相信他的医生和诊断。	1
I consider my photography a process of discovery rather than creation, my job is to find the camera settings and moment that make the beauty of the subject appear undisturbed.	我认为我的摄影是一个发现而不是创作的过程，我的工作是找到相机设置和时刻，让主题的美变得不受干扰。	1
I consistantly assume my opponent has a better hand and analyze their betting stragey accordingly.	我始终认为对手的手更好，并相应地分析他们的下注。	2
I consistently committed to core values or function rather than form.	我始终致力于核心价值观或职能，而不是形式。	0
I continued to be amazed at how fast they grow at this age.	我仍然对他们在这个时代的成长速度感到惊讶。	1
I continue to push my way through the crowd, and once I reach the front, I'm barricaded by a chain of police.	我继续在人群中前进，一旦我到达前线，我就被一群警察围住了。	1
I could be so much better at actively attending to my relationship in these playful ways.	我可以更好地积极地以这些有趣的方式处理我的关系。	1
I could claim and post anything to make up the figures mentioned above so it would be nice to show a profit from here onwards.	我可以要求并发布任何内容来构成上述数字，因此从这里开始显示利润将是件很好的事情。	0
I could feel Hiei close by and I ran not wanting him to see me cry again.	我能感觉到 Hiei 的亲近，我不想让他再看到我哭了。	2
I could feel it swelling to unbearable proportions as her breasts heaved in rhythm while she glared at me, griting her teeth.	我可以感觉到，她的乳房在我的牙齿下，痛着我，她的牙齿被咬了，她的乳房在节奏上沉重地压着，这种感觉就像无法忍受的那样膨胀了。	2
I could get to the hard levels but there were definitely songs that kicked my ass when you had to use that damn orange button.	我可以达到很高的水平，但当你不得不使用那种橙色按钮时，肯定会有一些歌曲踢我的。	2
I could go on and on about this place we loved it that much.	我可以继续谈论这个地方，我们非常喜欢它。	1
I could hear Esme humming a lovely soft tune from the other room.	我可以听到埃斯梅从另一个房间传来的可爱的柔和的声音。	0
I could hear the distant sound of a rushing river, so animals must have made their homes here.	我可以听到一条急流的河流的遥远的声音，所以动物一定已经在这里建立了家园。	1
I could not attend last week as a friend and I went to Lucky Eagle Casino.	上周我不能作为朋友参加，于是我去了 Lucky Eagle Casino 。	1
I could not care less as to the individual interpretations people ascribe to the original intent of the Drafters; or whether they adopt a Constitutional methodology of original intent or 'living document,' to reach their conclusions.	我不能不关心人们对起草者的原始意图所作的个别解释；或者他们是否采用了一种具有原始意图的宪法方法或“活文件”来得出结论。	1
I could not stand being away from her for any length of time.	我不能长时间地离开她。	2
I could not stop thinking how well you looked, and what a fabulous show you put on to celebrate your career so far.	我不能停止思考你的表现如何，以及你迄今为止为庆祝你的职业生涯而进行的精彩表演。	1
I couldnt choose between rain or snow gomen if it isnt I'll change it if you want but I kinda like Hail.	我不能选择雨或雪，如果你不想，我会更换它，但我喜欢冰雹。	1
I could see for miles and miles and miles ... and yet I felt such a connection to the ground below ...	我可以看到英里，英里和英里……但我觉得与下面的地面有着如此的联系……	2
I could work for 6 months and take that money to do things that I would otherwise only dream of being able to do.	我可以工作 6 个月，用这笔钱去做我原本只想做的事情。	2
I count in GITM to give me the lowdown and links because I'm a lazy grad student...	我指望 GITM 为我提供低洼和链接，因为我是一名懒惰的研究生 ...	1
I covered all the physical care bases all days and some of the emotional but not all.	我整天都在照顾所有的身体基础，有些是情感的，但不是全部。	2
I cried so hard when I went to go see you for the last time before I left for the States.	在我离开美国之前的最后一次去看你们时，我哭得非常辛苦。	2
I cried when I arrived at Planned Parenthood, I cried in the middle of the procedure and at the end. I prayed for God to forgive me.	当我到达计划生育时，我哭了，我在程序的中间和最后都哭了。我祈祷上帝原谅我。	2
ICT is due to develop a new three year strategy during late 2013 and leading on this process will be a key priority for the new Chief Executive.	信息和通信技术将在 2013 年底制定一项新的三年战略，领导这一进程将是新任行政长官的一个关键优先事项。	0
I currently think that the seventh seal and the first six trumpets will occur during the first half of the tribulation, and the seventh trumpet and the vials will occur during the second half of the tribulation.	我现在认为第七个密封件和前六个侧牙包将在前半个半个半个半个半个半个阶段发生，第七个侧牙包和小瓶将在后半个半个半个阶段发生。	2
I dabbed my finger in the frosting and offered it to Shane.	我把手指伸进了青蛙里，把它给了 Shane 。	2
I'd be surprised if he made it considering the competition in the back field.	如果他考虑到后面领域的竞争，我会感到惊讶。	2
Ideal for living in one and renting the other as well.	非常适合在一个地方生活，也适合租赁另一个地方。	1
Ideal for running standard and high definition component devices to any display with a VGA port or a PC setup.	非常适合在任何具有 VGA 端口或 PC 设置的显示器上运行标准和高清组件设备。	1
Ideal for the crossword solver who is stuck and needs a bit of help!	非常适合那些陷入困境并需要一些帮助的交叉解算器！	2
Ideally located next to the Champs Elysees and Arc de Triomphe, Hotel VERNET offers all facilities and services of a Palace, with more intimacy.	酒店地理位置优越，毗邻香榭丽舍大街（ Champs Elysees ）和凯旋门（ Arc de Triomphe ），提供宫殿式的所有设施和服务，更加私密。	0
Ideally, schools are places of refuge for children, a source of community pride and betterment, and a springboard for the success of each new generation.	理想的情况是，学校是儿童的庇护所，是社区骄傲和进步的源泉，也是每一代人成功的跳板。	0
Ideal to use for fast and easy transitions in duathlons, triathlons or everyday training.	非常适合在双人，三人或日常训练中快速轻松地过渡。	1
I decided that I would walk around and look at a few game trails that were 20 yards in front of my stand just to see what kind of traffic I was getting.	我决定四处走走，看看几条在我的站前 20 码的游戏小径，看看我遇到了什么样的交通情况。	1
I decided to go to the station a little early.	我决定早点去车站。	0
I decided to see if I can find the report referenced by the Journal Sentinel.	我决定看看我是否能找到《日刊》哨兵引用的报告。	2
I defer to the Coast Guard on this.	我将此事交由海岸警卫队处理。	0
I definitely see kickflips and big new grabs back on the wave and bigger airs, flips, all of the above.	我肯定会看到在波浪上的 kickflips 和新的巨浪，还有更大的声音， flips ，以上都是。	2
Identify funding sources for the program services provided by the applicant.	确定申请者提供的方案服务的资金来源。	0
Identifying the negative points · Identify at what point and for what reason your performance fell below the acceptable and required standard.	识别负面点 · 确定您的绩效在哪个时间点以及为什么低于可接受的要求标准。	0
Identify yourself as the person who reported the fire.	将自己确定为报告火灾的人。	1
I deserved to get in trouble and so did she.	我应该陷入麻烦，她也应该这样做。	2
I desire and allow good to come into my life.	我渴望并允许好的人进入我的生活。	1
I'd have no problem with that, but simply to require compensation reductions without changing the business models would seem to benefit nobody but the shareholders.	我对此没有任何问题，但仅仅要求削减薪酬而不改变业务模式似乎只会让股东受益。	1
I did all I could do just to nod my head slightly, my eyes still wide at the thought of what lay behind that towel.	我尽了一切努力只是为了稍微注意一下我的头，我的眼睛仍然很宽，看着那条毛巾后面的东西。	2
I did do all of what he posted, i did not know that killing someone and going back in the circle was bad, but then i had a reality check by a couple of people.	我确实做了他所说的一切，我不知道杀害某人和回到圈子是不好的，但后来我有一对夫妇的事实检查。	2
I did have a constant admiration for the student council.	我对学生会一直感到钦佩。	2
I did like the admissions by Ron and Hermione during their conversation.	我很喜欢罗恩和赫米奥内在谈话中的承认。	1
I did love how John hobbled into the burning building to rescue Dean, he does love his sons.	我真的很喜欢约翰为了拯救迪恩而在燃烧的建筑里作的努力，他确实爱他的儿子。	2
I did my work experience at British Airways Eng at Linate international, Milan.	我在米兰利纳特国际机场的英国航空公司（ British Airways Eng ）工作。	0
I did not concede that the immigrants are evading taxes.	我并不承认移民在逃税。	1
I did not make the Harry Potter series I'm simply manipulating it for my own sick mind to have fun with.	我没有制作《哈利 · 波特》系列，只是为了让我自己的病态头脑乐在其中。	2
I did not realize that the two parts were coming from separate sources so this was a shipping expense to me.	我没有意识到这两部分来自不同的来源，因此这对我来说是一笔运费。	1
I did not see any other party ads running on TV.	我没有看到其他任何派对广告在电视上运行。	2
I did not win the contest but when I became a member of the bccma, I became a music artist.	我没有赢得比赛，但当我成为西加马的成员时，我成为了一名音乐艺术家。	2
I did pretty good in my first race.	我在第一场比赛中表现得相当出色。	0
I did ride the gandola in Las Vegas.	我在拉斯维加斯骑了 gandola 。	2
I did some digging into this subject in order to quench my curiousity.	为了平息我的好奇心，我在这个问题上做了一些挖掘。	1
I did whatever I could for him but deep down I was really scared.	我尽我所能为他做了一切，但我很害怕。	1
I divide the remaining cake into two portions and let them choose.	我把剩下的蛋糕分成两部分，让他们选择。	0
I'd like something flush with the guard as best as possible without rubbing or if bits of plastic need a small trim I can deal with that.	我希望能在不摩擦的情况下尽可能地与护罩齐平，或者如果塑料碎片需要一个小的修剪，我可以处理这一问题。	2
I'd like to play an important role in inspiring and helping young kids to one day realise a dream, or at least be able to express themselves on the football pitch.	我想发挥重要作用，激励和帮助孩子们有一天实现梦想，或者至少能够在足球场上表达自己的想法。	0
I'd much appreciate your insight on how my stories were so the next chapter can be even better.	我非常感谢您对我的故事的见解，这样下一章就会更好。	1
I do agree that caste as it is now, is a menace to Indian society.	我确实同意，现在的种姓是对印度社会的威胁。	0
I do have to say that the Avid BB7s with the FR5 levers have just as much stopping power and wouldnt hesitate to buy these either.	我不得不说， FR5 杠杆的 Avid BB7 具有同样的停机能力，也毫不犹豫地购买这些。	1
I do not consider such independence to be undemocratic.	我不认为这种独立是不民主的。	0
I do not know how to interpret what I saw but It was either an airport of some kind or a bus terminal.	我不知道如何解释我所看到的，但它不是某种机场，也不是公共汽车终点站。	1
I do not know you either, so have no idea of your background.	我也不认识你，所以不知道你的背景。	0
I do not really see it and my endless trouble making neighbour must see it more than me :-) What do you have in mind?	我真的看不到这种情况，而我的无穷无尽的麻烦让邻居比我更能看到它 :-) 你有什么想法？	2
I do not speak any German yet and have not been diligent about learning any since I arrived.	我还没有说德语，自从我来到这里以后，我一直都没有认真学习。	0
I do not want my daughter going through the same feelings.	我不希望我的女儿经历同样的感情。	0
I dont' think the new cars are more effective or much cheaper to operate.	我认为新车的运行效率不高，也不便宜。	0
I do think its time for him to step up and start inputting into the offense.	我认为他应该加紧行动，开始犯罪。	2
I do think it will be sometime in October.	我认为这将是 10 月份的某个时候。	1
I do think the majority of schools are the same so not sure OP would be happier anywhere else.	我认为大部分学校都是一样的，所以我不能肯定在其他地方 OP 会更快乐。	2
I double checked my uniform and got everything ready for tomorrow.	我仔细检查了我的制服，准备好迎接明天的一切。	0
I doubt changing the coach is the answer since Scotland simply does not have the base to compete effectively .	我怀疑更换教练是正确的答案，因为苏格兰根本没有有效竞争的基础。	1
I doubt you would be nice to a man who raped and killed ur child.	我怀疑你会对一个强奸和杀害你孩子的人感到高兴。	2
I do want to say that this book had me from the beginning.	我想说，这本书从一开始就让我感到很受欢迎。	2
I drank it and returned to my seat.	我喝了它，回到了我的座位上。	0
I draw hoped BG are very large building and cars in future street.	我希望 BG 是一座非常大的建筑，未来街道上还有汽车。	2
I dread to think how the teenage daughter of any of the above contributors might feel if she found herself pregnant.	我想，如果她怀孕，上述任何一位贡献者的十几岁的女儿可能会有什么感觉。	2
I dropped off the tree and landed on my left wrist spraining it.	我从树上掉下来，落在左手腕上，使它扭伤。	1
I drove the car for 6 months before the engine gave up the ghost but I decided I would rebuild the whole car and I did.	我开了 6 个月，发动机就放弃了幽灵，但我决定重建整辆车，我就这样做了。	2
I drove to a vacant field surrounded by houses.	我开车去了一个被房屋包围的空地。	1
I dunno Checklist you say shorting hurts but you never prove how it does if you ask me.	我不知道清单你说短时间的伤害，但你永远不会证明它是如何做的，如果你问我的话。	2
I emailed the company a solid six and a half weeks before writing this review to ask what the cock ring is made out of.	我在写这篇评论之前用电子邮件向公司发送了一封可靠的六周半的邮件，询问旋塞是由什么组成的。	2
I encourage you to continue forward as the organizer of the group.	我鼓励你们继续担任该小组的组织者。	0
I enjoyed how magical warfare was done and the tactics used.	我喜欢魔法战争的进行和使用的战术。	1
I enjoyed the discussion about practical technology tools that can assist clinicians with daily workflow issues.	我喜欢讨论可帮助临床医生解决日常工作流程问题的实用技术工具。	0
I enjoyed the sawing of the wood best.	我最喜欢锯木。	1
I enjoyed this story so thank you for writing it.	我喜欢这个故事，所以感谢你写这个故事。	1
I enjoy good Science Fiction DVD's and this was subtle and kept me intrigued trying to figure out what the outcome would be.	我喜欢好科学小说 DVD ，这是微妙的，让我好奇地试图弄清楚结果是什么。	1
I enjoy their relationship the most and you write it out perfectly in my opinion.	我最喜欢他们的关系，你在我看来是完美的。	2
I especially liked how you explained his relationship with Tsuna, it is one of the more ambiguous and interesting relationships in KHR.	我特别喜欢你解释他与 Tsuna 的关系，这是 KHR 中比较模糊和有趣的关系之一。	1
I even have some of that second trimester energy I hear all about!	我甚至拥有我所听到的第二个三个月的能量！	1
I expect Arjun to stay in Florida for another week.	我希望阿尔琼能在佛罗里达州再住一周。	0
I expect that most all of our residents when they first applied and landed here thought somewhat like the guy that called yesterday.	我预计，我们大多数居民在第一次申请和降落时，都觉得有些像昨天那个叫的人。	1
I explained that I wanted to have the brakes looked at, the LATCH system installed and a noise looked at.	我解释说，我希望看到制动器，安装了锁扣系统，并看到噪音。	2
I eyed him suspiciously as he went to open the door.	我在他开门的时候，怀疑他。	2
If a battle breaks out in the pool region as properly as the hotel knows about it, it has to intervene either by stopping the fight or calling the police or both.	如果在泳池区发生酒店所知道的正常情况下的战斗，则必须通过停止战斗或打电话给警察或两者来进行干预。	1
If a bite ever occurs while we are filming, the film crew is under strict instructions to turn the bloody cameras off.	如果在拍摄过程中有人咬人，电影工作人员将受到严格的指示，关闭血腥的摄像机。	2
If a company is looking for a larger audience reach with as little hassle as possible, the mobile site is the clear winner.	如果一家公司正在寻找尽可能少麻烦的更多受众，那么移动站点无疑是赢家。	1
If all the saved are in the body of Christ how does one get in the body of Christ?	如果拯救的人都在基督的身体里，那么人们如何进入基督的身体呢？	0
If a magical wish could be granted, I would like to have an office where I could conduct individual therapy and additional spaces where I could engage in art therapy and dance therapy.	如果能够实现一个神奇的愿望，我希望有一个办公室，我可以在那里进行个人治疗，还有更多的空间，我可以在那里进行艺术疗法和舞蹈疗法。	0
If a medical school invites you for an interview, you can be sure they have a lot of interest in you as a potential student.	如果医学院邀请您参加面试，您可以确定他们对您作为潜在学生有很大的兴趣。	1
If Amish children in Rumspringa went to all the churches in their area to learn and to test their faith and the Amish way, I might agree that Rumspringa has some importance.	如果伦斯普林加的阿米什族儿童来到他们所在地区的所有教堂学习和测试他们的信仰和阿米什的方式，我可能同意鲁姆斯林加具有一定的重要性。	2
If and only if you do have time for another Raven Rock event I think that would be awesome.	如果你有时间参加另一个拉文岩活动，我认为这将是极好的。	1
If any local health is nevertheless straightforward see it in with a senior species.	如果任何地方的健康都是直接的，那么就可以看到它与一个高级物种的关系。	1
If anyone can divert some time to this it would be extremely gratefully received.	如果有人能抽出一些时间来做这件事，我们将非常感激。	0
If anyone gets their artworks (includes textiles) up on the site by tomorrow I will feature you as an artist in our first round of print promotion material to be distributed on monday.	如果有人明天在网站上展示他们的作品（包括纺织品），我将在星期一分发的第一轮印刷促销材料中，以艺术家的身份向您展示。	0
If anyone had run from the law, there is a great likelihood that the same tactics would be used.	如果有人从法律上走出来，很可能会使用同样的策略。	2
If anyone had told Emma Nelson should be have been spending this life altering day in a eating disorder treatment center she would have laughed right in their face.	如果有人告诉艾玛 · 纳尔逊应该在一个饮食失调治疗中心度过这一天，她就会笑在脸上。	2
If anyone has any pelletguns or bbguns can you please email the sound of it firing and reloading, so i can get some more sounds.	如果有人有任何佩列特枪或烧枪，请你通过电子邮件将其发射和重新装载的声音发送给我，这样我就可以听到更多的声音。	2
If anyone has any sense, do not buy a refurbished Sat Nav, so many things can be wrong with them.	如果有任何人有任何意义，不要购买翻新的卫星导航，那么许多事情都可能是错误的。	2
If anyone knows of something that could from having an esthetician license, I am all for it.	如果有人知道某种东西可以从拥有麻醉执照中得到，我就为之而全。	2
If anyone of you needs to memorize, then do memorize with me.	如果你们中的任何人需要记住，那么就要和我一起记住。	1
If anyone wants to go hang out or get some ice cream, or go feed the ducks at the pond then call me.	如果有人想出去玩，吃点冰淇淋，或者在池塘里喂鸭子，那就叫我来。	1
If anything better, caste issue reciprocated where people from the so called upper caste have been attacked and left to die behind bushes.	如果更好的话，种姓问题就会得到回报，因为所谓的上层种姓的人遭到袭击，并被抛在灌木丛中。	2
If anything Newt felt like he should have been the one that was pissed, but at least he was trying to keep civil, he thought as he began to scratch at his forearm absentmindedly.	如果纽特认为他应该是被蒙蒙了的人，但至少他试图保持公民身份，他就想，当他开始在他的前臂处完全地划伤时。	2
If anything were to happen to you up here who would there be to help you?	如果您在这里遇到任何事情，谁会帮助您？	0
If a person is found out to have diabetes, he or she should be under a doctor s care to monitor blood sugar levels, and therefore reduce the risk of heart disease.	如果发现患有糖尿病，应接受医生的治疗，以监测血糖水平，从而降低心脏病的风险。	0
If a property has a long value, it is truncated and can be expanded with the expander button.	如果属性具有长值，则会被截断，并可使用扩展按钮展开。	2
If a string that cannot be identified as an alias is found then it is assumed to be a host. ii) Users.	如果找到无法标识为别名的字符串，则假定它是主机。 II) 用户。	2
If birthed at home, the baby is not exposed to bacteria and viruses often found in hospitals.	如果在家里出生，婴儿就不会接触医院经常发现的细菌和病毒。	0
If both parties are in agreement that putting money in the hands of the consumers is good for the economy then why would Congress not cut taxes in the first place?	如果双方都同意把钱交给消费者是对经济有利的，那么国会为什么不首先削减税收呢？	0
If by emotion: which car makes you smile when you look at it and drive it?	如果是情绪：当您看到并驾驶时，哪款汽车会让您微笑？	2
If casino online payout poker video are looking to become a professional gambler you will want to learn more about the Martingale system and how it works in real life situations.	如果赌场网上付款扑克视频希望成为专业赌徒，您将想了解更多关于马提格莱系统及其在现实生活中的工作方式的信息。	2
If chosen wisely it would save lot of your time in kitchen.	如果明智地选择，它将节省您在厨房的大量时间。	1
If desired, only one or two of the three sections may be hinged and provided with a storage box therebehind, whereby storage would only be in one or two sections adjacent the wheel well.	如果需要，三个部分中只有一个或两个部分可以铰接，并在其后面提供一个存储箱，从而只能将存储在靠近车轮舱的一个或两个部分中。	1
I feel both approaches are valid for the people who practice them.	我觉得这两种方法对实践它们的人都是有效的。	1
I feel demonizing people for wanting to close public schools is misguided.	我觉得把想要关闭公立学校的人妖魔化是错误的。	0
I feel that it is a shame that he will probably be remembered for his drug taking and not for his music.	我觉得很遗憾，他可能会因为服药而不是因为他的音乐而被人记住。	0
I feel that the combination of the western and asian ghost stories is definitely perfect!	我觉得西方和亚洲鬼故事的结合绝对是完美的！	1
I feel the real battle is to regain the initiative inside the Labour Party and liberate our union from its current leadership.	我觉得真正的战斗是重新获得工党内部的主动性，并将我们的工会从目前的领导层中解放出来。	0
I feel your boyfriend behaved well as he went out of his way to not even speak to her, this in itself shows how much respect he has for your feelings.	我觉得你的男朋友表现很好，他甚至不跟她说话，这本身就表明了他对你的感受的尊重程度。	1
If either applicant is under the age of 18 there may be other special requirements.	如果任何一名申请人不满 18 岁，则可能有其他特殊要求。	0
I fell asleep again with a smile on my face, regardless of the threatening phone calls I get.	无论接到何种威胁电话，我都带着微笑再次入睡。	1
I fell in love with the Waldorf Tradition about five years ago and wished I had been offered such an amazing way to learn as a kid!	大约五年前，我爱上了沃尔道夫的传统，并希望我能有一个如此神奇的方式作为孩子来学习！	2
I felt a great disappointment when I had seen how it had been prepared so far.	当我看到到目前为止它是如何准备的时候，我感到非常失望。	1
I felt a hand touch my arm and I yelped and stumbled back.	我感到手触碰了我的手臂，然后我又跳了起来，又无意中回来了。	2
I felt a small relieved smile touch my mouth and feeling this emotion Jasper looked at me.	我感到一个小小的放松的微笑触碰了我的嘴，感觉贾斯珀看着我的情绪。	2
I felt his chin rest on the top of my head and weep quietly.	我感觉到他的下巴在我的头上，悄悄地哭泣。	1
I felt his nose touching my cheek, his breath on my neck.	我感觉到他的鼻子接触了我的脸颊，他的呼吸在我的脖子上。	2
I felt more ashamed pulling out a bottle to feed then I ever did nursing in public.	我更感到羞耻的是，我拔出一瓶来喂食，而我曾经在公共场合做过护理。	2
I felt my body being overcome by some kind of weird feeling.	我觉得我的身体被某种奇怪的感觉所克服。	1
I felt my body being picked up off of shizuka, I looked up and saw Rido glaring down on me.	我感觉自己的身体被从 Shizuka 上捡起，我抬头看着 Rido 向下盯着我。	1
I felt my face turn red as we just stared at each other.	当我们只是盯着对方时，我感觉我的脸变红了。	0
I felt pitiful and offered her my handkerchief instead.	我感到很可怜，反而给了她我的手部。	2
I felt strength build up in me from nowhere and I managed to kick him off me.	我觉得力量从任何地方都积聚在我身上，我设法将他踢出我。	2
I felt tears in my eyes again but refused to let him see them.	我又在眼睛里感到眼泪，但拒绝让他看到眼泪。	2
I felt very sorry for them, for the strange English weather played against them, going from rock solid ground a week prior to torrential rain in a week.	我对他们感到非常遗憾，因为他们在一周内遭受暴雨前的一周，从坚如磐石的地面上受到了奇怪的英国天气的影响。	2
If even after this explanation you do not understand then we can ask where has your faculty of reason gone to and why has it abandoned you?	如果您甚至在解释后也不明白，那么我们可以问您的理性教职员到了什么地方，为什么会抛弃您？	2
If ever one day succeed in making the PS3 a free system will only be for your works.	如果有一天能成功地将 PS3 作为一个免费系统，那只能满足您的工作需要。	2
If everything looks fine then you are done!	如果一切看起来都很好，那么你就完成了！	1
If foreign investors see that the government is spending more money than it currently has, they know that it will be forced to borrow from future generations as well as from the private sector from foreign entities.	如果外国投资者看到政府的支出超过目前的水平，他们就会知道，政府将被迫向子孙后代以及向外国实体的私营部门借款。	1
If full approval comes by September, it would take about two or three months after that to review applications to start research.'' Stem cells are the building blocks for all human tissue.	如果在 9 月之前获得全面批准，那么在 9 月之后大约需要两到三个月的时间来审核开始研究的申请。 ' 干细胞是所有人类组织的组成部分。	0
If he assumes responsibility for several adult nephews he will invariably share the estate with them.	如果他对几个成年侄子负责，他将总是与他们分享遗产。	2
If he could have he would have cowered.	如果他能让他洗澡的话。	2
If he departed straight from Palestine to sit on the right hand of his Father, did he forget about his commitment, or was his promise impossible for him to keep?	如果他直接从巴勒斯坦出发，坐在父亲的右手边，他是忘记了自己的承诺，还是不可能兑现他的承诺？	1
If he is going to adopt bad behavior then you can discourage it by using very tricky method that is possible by the use of story books with lesson.	如果他要采取不良行为，那么您可以通过使用非常棘手的方法来阻止这种行为，这种方法可以通过使用故事书和课程来实现。	1
If however x and y have the same images under a and b, certainly all their products have.	但是，如果 x 和 y 在 a 和 b 下有相同的图像，那么他们的所有产品当然都有。	0
If I am looking to purchase business web hosting and my lively hood depending on my website being operational.	如果我想购买商业网络托管和我的活力之帽，具体取决于我的网站是否正常运行。	2
I fiddled around with it and tested various levels of sking dampness under the chest strap.	我用它四处走动，测试胸带下各种程度的潮湿。	2
If I do add something, I'll pm you with my revisions and let you have a chance to say whether you like it or not.	如果我添加一些内容，我会让您了解我的修订，让您有机会说出您是否喜欢。	0
If I do use your title or some variation of it, I will naturally give you credit for it.	如果我确实使用了您的头衔或其某些变体，我自然会为您的头衔授予荣誉。	1
If I feel less than sure that he can make this happen without complications, followup surgerys, or unshapely breasts, or dead nipples then I will not go with him.	如果我不能肯定他能做到这一点，而不会出现并发症，后续性，畸形性的乳房或死乳头，那么我就不会和他一起去了。	2
I figured that he knew I had been in the city for the past hours - Carlisle was very familiar with my small unusual habit to spend my time there while he was working.	我想他知道我在这座城市呆了几个小时 - 卡莱尔非常熟悉我在工作期间在那里度过时间的不寻常的小习惯。	2
I figured there was lots of other people who were like me.	我觉得还有很多其他人像我一样。	0
If I had any worry left in me, I would be overcome with it, but years of planning, of waiting, of training has left me with the simple desire to get to the meat of things.	如果我有任何担心，我就会被它所克服，但多年的规划，等待和培训让我有了一种简单的愿望去吃东西。	2
If I had drippings, I would save them to add to the turkey tetrazzini white sauce or the turkey stock that is made from the carcass.	如果我有滴漏，我将把它们保存在土耳其四硝基尼白酱或由尸体制成的土耳其配料中。	2
If I had had the choice for my kids I would have chosen grammar school every time.	如果我有孩子的选择，我每次都会选择语法学校。	2
I finally got pregnant at the end of September.	我终于在 9 月底怀孕了。	0
I finally got up, put on my robe and walked out of our room.	我终于起来了，穿上我的浴袍，走出了我们的房间。	1
I finally noticed the Hokage Tower in the distance.	我终于注意到了远处的 Hokage 塔。	1
I finally tore my eyes from her at the gunshot, and found myself staring at perhaps the best friend I had ever had in my life, now laying not a meter from me.	我终于在枪声中从她身上盯着我的眼睛，发现自己盯着也许是我一生中遇到过的最好的朋友，现在离我还没有一米远。	2
I find it handy to use a Pyrex measuring jug to scoop up the hot marmalade and pour into the jars.	我觉得用一个 Pyrex 量杯将热马尔马拉德翻倒在罐子里很方便。	2
I find it sad that you do not think that people should not make a living off of what they love to do.	我感到难过的是，你不认为人们不应该从他们爱做的事中谋生。	1
I find the process of analyzing evidence and piecing together the truth to be a refreshing challenge.	我认为分析证据和整理真相的过程是一个令人耳目一新的挑战。	0
If information is incomplete the requisition will be rejected.	如果信息不完整，申请将被拒绝。	0
If, in your opinion, it is NOT a good thing, then should the poster be barred from putting it in writing on your blog?	如果在您看来这不是件好事，那么海报是否应该被禁止在您的博客上以书面形式张贴？	1
If I press the disc eject button the green light will just flash.	如果按下光盘弹出按钮，绿色指示灯将会闪烁。	1
I firmly believe that there is no great big secret to making table deals, but a few things I try and remember : -If you are trying to get someone to not do something, offer a decent alternative.	我坚信，做桌交易没有什么大秘密，但我尝试并记住了几件事： - 如果你试图让某人不做什么，提供一个体面的选择。	1
I first became interested in photography on a trip to Africa in 2008.	2008 年，我第一次对非洲之行的摄影感兴趣。	2
I first saw this idea on Tumblr and decided to try it out this weekend.	我第一次在 Tumblr 上看到这个想法，决定在这个周末尝试一下。	1
If it had been Saddam Hussein, no doubt the deal would have been scotched on the grounds of his unreliability and bad faith.	如果是萨达姆 · 侯赛因，毫无疑问，这一交易将以他的不可靠和不诚信为理由而被欺骗。	1
If it is a rainy day, he gets into the elevator in the morning, goes down to the ground floor and goes off to work.	如果是雨天，他会在早上进入电梯，下楼到一楼去上班。	1
If it is not, the proxy downloads the object from the server.	如果不是，代理将从服务器下载对象。	1
If it is not, you end up with persons who will challenge the basis upon which a firearms licence might be granted in Commonwealth jurisdiction.	如果不是这样，你最终会遇到一些人，他们将质疑在英联邦管辖范围内可能授予火器许可证的依据。	2
If it is time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular schedule.	如果是下一个剂量的时候，跳过未达到的剂量并返回到常规计划。	2
If its off it crashes after some game play.	如果它关闭了，它会在玩了游戏后崩溃。	1
If it was only just one of them, he could easily take them down and get to Yuki.	如果只是其中的一个，他就可以轻松地把它们下到 Yuki 。	2
If it was possibly just a clerical error then why did Iraq fail to even reply to repeated requests for information about the missing chemicals?	如果这可能只是一个文书错误，那么为什么伊拉克甚至不能对关于失踪化学品的一再要求作出答复？	0
If I were forty years more young, I would go back and kiss her.	如果我再年轻四十岁，我会回去亲吻她。	1
If judges and courts in America keep on making laws through judical edits with the stroke of their pen will we in America one day need to write such songs?	如果美国的法官和法院继续通过用笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔笔	2
I flinched and tried to move back only to bump into another man I'd never scene before.	我向他人挥动，试图向后移动，只是为了撞倒另一个我以前从未见过的人。	2
If needed be, I will travel to the darkest pits of hell for my keeper.	如果需要的话，我会去地狱里最黑暗的地方为我的守门员服务。	1
If nobody can prove that God does not exist, then God exists.	如果没有人能证明神不存在，那么神就存在了。	0
If no ice, you may need to invest in some kind of cooler.	如果没有冰，您可能需要投资某种冷却器。	1
If none has done this before I get home later this evening I will do it.	如果没有人在今晚回家之前做过这件事，我会做这件事。	0
If none were found, they would have done a planetwide scan to search for any unnatural structures that might indicate past or current habitation by intelligent beings.	如果没有发现，他们就会进行一次全行星扫描，以寻找可能表明智力人过去或现在居住的任何非自然结构。	1
If no one is demanding or needs a certain consulting service, I will find no clients.	如果没有人要求或需要某种咨询服务，我就找不到任何客户了。	1
If not, how can we guard against possible abuse of health and safety regulations to increase the cost of house maintenance?	如果不是，我们如何防范可能滥用健康和安全法规来增加房屋维护成本？	0
I followed behind slowly waiting for a chance to sneak off.	我跟着后面慢慢地等待着一个机会悄悄溜走。	2
If one bidder points out a potential problem that may call for extra work down the line, make sure the other bidders are aware of the problem and that they have it down in writing.	如果一个投标人指出了可能需要在生产线上进行额外工作的潜在问题，请确保其他投标人知道这一问题，并将其书面记录下来。	1
If only the red head had a more productive way of dealing with his jealousy.	如果只有红头有一种更有效的方法来处理他的嫉妒。	1
If only they would just gave me answers, maybe then I would stop suspecting them.	如果他们只是给我答案，也许我就不再怀疑他们了。	0
If only you could request ambience in a doggie bag.	如果你只能要求一个狗狗包里的氛围。	2
I found a page on which a demo available.	我找到了一个有演示可用的页面。	0
I found a very weak cash game and found an interesting opponent.	我发现了一个非常脆弱的现金游戏，找到了一个有趣的对手。	1
I found Belfast to be an awesome city.	我发现贝尔法斯特是一个了不起的城市。	1
I found her unconscious and with fever on my training field.	我发现她昏迷，在我的训练场发热。	2
I found it in my documents and decided to publish it, even though its not my best work at all.	我在我的文件中找到了它，并决定将它出版，尽管它根本不是我的最佳作品。	0
I found it interesting this reporter for the River City Weekly apparently got more straightforward information than a reporter at the Post Register.	我觉得这位《 River City Weekly 》的记者显然比《 Post Register 》的记者获得了更直接的信息，这很有趣。	1
I found it so sad that Bella thought Charlie was upset with her.	我觉得很难过，贝拉以为查理对她很失望。	0
I found that all the side conversations made the lines take twice as long as they usually would.	我发现所有的侧边对话都使线路的时间比通常的时间长两倍。	1
I found that in most of the words used to find information on this issue, most words did not have enough data to produce a number.	我发现，在用来查找有关这一问题的信息的大多数词语中，大多数词语没有足够的数据来生成数字。	1
I found the ending very falimiar to one of the movies.	我发现其中一部电影的结局很不好。	2
If our nonmember friends live too far away, we can request that missionaries in their areas visit them.	如果我们的非会员朋友住得太远，我们可以要求他们地区的传教士访问他们。	2
If outside where would I find the covered picnic tables?	如果在外面，我可以在哪里找到带顶棚的野餐桌？	0
If parents and the public at large knew how ineffective and unproductive teacher evaluations are, they would demand a more efficient system.	如果家长和广大公众都知道教师的评价是多么无效和没有成效，他们就需要一个更有效的制度。	2
If people defend the imposition of pain and suffering on an animal based on what is natural or traditional, it usually means that they cannot otherwise justify their conduct.	如果人们捍卫基于自然或传统的东西对动物施加的痛苦和折磨，通常意味着他们不能为自己的行为辩解。	0
If Phantom flops after it is released, it will be because people took his advice and stayed home.	如果模型在释放后出现了幻觉，那将是因为人们采纳了他的建议并留在家里。	2
If Qantas is doing it though how about the board members lead from the front and take a pay cut.	如果 Qantas 正在这样做，尽管董事会成员如何从正面引导并削减薪酬。	2
If so, I would appreciate a short evaluation on the pros and cons.	如果是的话，我希望能对利弊进行简短的评估。	0
If someone updates the plan, everybody on the team sees the changes on the timeline immediately.	如果有人更新计划，团队中的每个人都会立即在时间表上看到更改。	0
If so, then allow THEM that same respect and be willing to accept the possibility they might come to some different conclusion than you did.	如果是这样，那么请他们给予同样的尊重，并愿意接受他们可能得出与您不同结论的可能性。	0
If state or local officials refuse to enter into preparedness and prevention arrangements with the Permittee, the Permittee must document this refusal in the operating record.	如果国家或地方官员拒绝与委员会达成防备和预防安排，委员会必须在业务记录中记录这一拒绝。	1
If such actions necessitate violation of a provision of the Agreement, then the parties agree to bargain with regard to the effect of implementing such action on other bargaining unit employees.	如果此类行为需要违反协议的规定，则双方同意就实施此类行为对其他谈判单位员工的影响进行谈判。	0
If such information causes the optical memory to become full, similar recording processing is made possible again by replacing the optical memory with new optical memory as described earlier.	如果这些信息导致光存储器已满，则可以像前面所述用新的光存储器替换光学存储器，从而再次进行类似的记录处理。	0
If that happened to you, please return the unused portion of your order so we can start the cancellation process.	如果您遇到这种情况，请退还您订单中未使用的部分，以便我们开始取消流程。	0
If that LAN is wireless, you can enjoy the added bonus of linking your computing devices without cumbersome cables.	如果该 LAN 是无线的，您可以享受到连接计算设备的额外好处，而无需繁琐的电缆。	1
If that was the case, Mai thought it seemed infinitely less risky if she remained in the challenge and tried to win immunity herself.	如果是这种情况，玛伊认为如果她继续挑战并试图自己赢得豁免，那么风险似乎就会无限降低。	0
If the armor is shielding your personality from the outside world, little chinks in the armor are your colors and your helmet.	如果盔甲能保护你的个性不受外界的干扰，你的颜色和你的头盔就是你的颜色。	2
If the bill is voted out of committee, it becomes eligible for a vote before the full Illinois House of Representatives.	如果该法案被否决，它就有资格在伊利诺伊州众议院全体会议上进行表决。	1
If the bovine leukemia viruses causes human leukemia, we could expect the dairy states with known leukemic herds to have a higher incidence of human leukemia.	如果牛白血病病毒导致人类白血病，我们可以预期已知白牛群的乳牛病会导致更高的人类白血病发病率。	0
If the chain shifts promptly to the Z cog when first checked, it does not mean the adjustment is acceptable.	如果首次检查时链条迅速切换到 Z 齿轮，则表示调整不可接受。	0
If the changes made by the IRS result in a refund due, you must file a claim for refund within two years.	如果 IRS 所做的更改导致退款到期，您必须在两年内申请退款。	1
If the consequences of policy for exchange rates cannot be reliably replicated, then the policy analysis is critically incomplete.	如果汇率政策的后果不能可靠地复制，那么政策分析就非常不完整。	1
If the current account deterioration is larger (as we often expect in the long run), then the official settlements balance goes into deficit.	如果经常项目恶化幅度较大（从长远看，我们经常预期），那么官方结算余额就会变成赤字。	2
If the debate between pro and anti Kony2012 camps forces both to go out and understand the history and politics of Northern Uganda, South Sudan, and the Congo wars, then perhaps an intelligent, educated activism can emerge.	如果支持和反对 Kony2012 营地之间的辩论迫使人们走出困境，了解乌干达北部，南苏丹和刚果战争的历史和政治，那么也许会出现一种明智的，受过教育的激进主义。	2
If the efforts of a number of schools to deliver students to the rally are successful, a good turnout is assured.	如果一些学校成功地为学生举办了集会，那么投票率就会很高。	1
If the Engagement is lawfully terminated by any party within the first 30 days of the Engagement a reduction of half the normal calculated fee is allowed.	如果任何一方在雇佣关系开始后的前 30 天内合法终止雇佣关系，则允许将正常计算的费用减少一半。	0
If the fields from which you took the legume were very sloping, would even deep plowing save them from washing?	如果你从那种下流的田地里都是非常倾斜的，那么深犁也能使它们免于清洗吗？	2
If the file has been deleted from the client node: all stored copies of the file are marked INACTIVE and become eligible for deletion.	如果文件已从客户端节点中删除：文件的所有存储副本都标记为非活动，并符合删除条件。	0
If the franchise could be restricted to those with a stake in the community then the idea of an unlimited, indivisible sovereign power became for the liberal individualist not a threat, but a safeguard.	如果特许权只限于那些在社区中有利害关系的人，那么一个不受限制，不可分割的主权权力的想法就变成了自由主义者的想法，而不是威胁，而是一种保障。	1
If the function failed the return value is an error number.	如果函数失败，则返回值为错误编号。	0
If the interpreter delivers a long statement of yours as a short statement in the subject language, there are several possibilities.	如果译员用主题语言将您的长篇陈述作为简短陈述，则有多种可能性。	1
If the Investigating Committee determines that there is not a case to answer the Complaints Procedure is deemed complete.	如果调查委员会确定没有案件可供回答，则申诉程序被视为完整。	0
If the leader has all the gifts and abilities but not the ability to get them across to others, then they are pretty much useless.	如果领导者拥有所有的礼物和能力，但不能将它们与他人联系在一起，那么它们就几乎是无用的。	1
If the lead wants to proceed with the program then send the completed Spreadsheet to LLQ.	如果销售机会想要继续进行该计划，则将完成的电子表格发送给 LLQ 。	1
If the metal plate at the bottom of the streetlight has been removed, we will attend within two hours to make it safe.	如果拆除了路灯底部的金属板，我们将在两小时内进行安全检查。	0
If the object moves there though in hacking this page I include make open source illegal.	如果对象在黑客入侵本页时移动到该位置，我会将开放源代码设置为非法。	0
If the old Barry Larkin could prevent the young Pokey Reese from playing SS, Derek Jeter could prevent any youngster except Ozzie Smith .	如果老巴里 · 拉金能够阻止年轻的诗人雷塞斯玩 SS ，德里克 · 杰特可以阻止除奥齐 · 史密斯以外的任何年轻人玩 SS 。	0
If the patient does not respond to these treatments, they are often referred to physicians who utilize standard medical care to treat the disease or condition.	如果患者不对这些治疗作出反应，他们通常会被转诊给使用标准医疗护理来治疗疾病或病症的医生。	1
If the proposition which it is my object to maintain turn out to be sound, all these assumptions fall to the ground, together with a host of fallacies for which these assumptions form the necessary basis.	如果我所要坚持的主张是正确的，那么所有这些假设都是正确的，还有许多谬误，这些假设构成了必要的基础。	1
If there is a major event, the analysis provides a technique to evaluate the cost and make appropriate economic decisions.	如果发生重大事件，分析将提供一种评估成本并做出适当经济决策的技术。	1
If there is only one way to get into the system and you can control that way completely, that system will be easier to secure in time of danger.	如果进入系统只有一种方法，并且您可以完全控制该方法，那么在发生危险时，该系统将更容易安全。	1
If the school was to remove that crossing guard, I can guarantee you serious accidents and possibly a fatality or two within a short period of time.	如果学校要撤除这名越界警卫，我可以保证你在短时间内发生严重事故，可能有一两人死亡。	1
If these rumors turn to be true then it is indeed a serious issue haunting everybody and unwillingly restrict free movement.	如果这些谣言属实，那么这确实是一个严重问题，令每个人都难以接受，而且不情愿地限制自由行动。	1
If the tax year of a taxpayer does not coincide with the calendar year, the deadline is the 150th day from the end of the fiscal year.	如果纳税人的纳税年度与日历年度不一致，则截止日期为财政年度结束后的第 150 天。	1
If they believe to give account of every idle word, they would be more sparing of foolish speaking.	如果他们相信要考虑到每一个空闲的词，他们就会更不用说愚蠢了。	2
If they bring back ones that were eliminated by their cooking - thats should be a big tuff luck.	如果他们把那些因烹饪而被淘汰的食物带回家，那就应该是一个巨大的运气。	2
If the yen continues rising, domestic firms may accelerate their corporate restructuring at home and their shift of production bases overseas, further eroding the foundations of domestic industry.	如果日元持续上升，国内企业可能会加速国内企业结构调整，生产基地向海外转移，从而进一步侵蚀国内产业的基础。	0
If they get lucky I have the backup of having already gotten a larger stack and I can make a mistake or two..	如果他们幸运的话，我有一个备份，就是我已经得到了一个更大的堆栈，我可以犯一两个错误。	2
If this has happened to you or your child, you should consult with a Boston dog bite lawyer for a bite to the face.	如果您或您的孩子发生了这种情况，您应该咨询波士顿狗咬人律师以获得一口面容。	2
If this is seldom attended to in the execution, it is because such a procedure is more difficult for the pursuing Army, than a regular adherence to ordinary marches in the daytime.	如果在处决中很少有人这样做，那是因为这种程序对追捕的军队来说要比在白天经常参加普通游行更困难。	2
If this is the area for which PW has been written, use the revised map.	如果这是已写入 PW 的区域，请使用修订后的地图。	0
If this is too strenuous in your case, you can start by exercising two times a week then escalate it to 3 times a week and so on.	如果您的情况过于紧张，您可以从每周锻炼两次开始，然后将其升级到每周 3 次，以此类推。	0
If this is true another ball is being juggled and the likelihood of an accident increases.	如果这是真的，另一个球正在被击打，事故的可能性也会增加。	2
If this meant that a proper meal happened at a comfortable chewing pace a bit more than an average of one evening out of two, then it was probably to his credit.	如果这意味着在一个舒适的咀嚼速度下，一顿合适的饭比平均两个晚上的一个多，那么这可能是他的功劳。	2
If this survey shows support for the system, then staff will report back to Council with a recommendation to purchase the rented vehicle.	如果这项调查显示对该系统的支持，工作人员将向理事会报告，并建议购买租用的车辆。	1
If those were not the case, they would have already rose up and demanded that those in power listen to the wave of air in their stomach.	如果不是这样，他们就已经站起来，要求当权者倾听他们胃中的空气。	2
I further agree to allow the Newark High School Sportsmanship, Ethics, and Integrity Committee to reprint my essay, in whole or in part.	我还同意让纽瓦克高中运动员精神，道德和诚信委员会全部或部分重印我的论文。	2
If Warden Turner and Agent Rodriguez give us permission tonight, we can head on out at midnight to install the pulse generator.	如果瓦登 · 特纳和罗德里格斯今晚允许我们，我们可以在午夜出发安装脉冲发生器。	2
If we are going to really reform health care and hold costs down, it would seem that we need to be able to openly analyze and discuss these very difficult issues.	如果我们要真正改革医疗保健并降低成本，我们似乎需要能够公开分析和讨论这些非常困难的问题。	0
If we are the eyes, ears, hands, and feet of God, then he is relying upon us to do his bidding in reaching out to and helping others in need.	如果我们是上帝的眼睛，耳朵，手和脚，那么他就依靠我们来争取和帮助其他有需要的人。	2
If we become incapable of managing our own financial and legal affairs through dementia, mental illness, physical illness or severe accident we would have no opportunity to make our wishes clear.	如果我们无法通过痴呆，精神疾病，身体疾病或严重事故管理自己的财务和法律事务，我们就没有机会明确表达我们的愿望。	2
If we broaden the genre and add a bit of comedy then I would probably say Braindead.	如果我们扩大了剧种，增加了一些喜剧，那么我可能会说 Braindead 。	2
If we can not provide all of your bus charter transportation needs, we will work with other companies who can.	如果我们不能满足您所有的包车运输需求，我们将与其他公司合作。	1
If we really want to follow the Jewish law in punishing with sin, then lets address all sin and not only our pet sins.	如果我们真的想遵循犹太法律以罪惩罚，那么让我们来处理所有的罪，而不仅仅是我们的宠物罪。	2
If we take the slices of bread and hold them up to a light source, nothing is going to pass through.	如果我们把面包片拿在一个光源上，就不会有任何东西通过。	1
If what David suspected was true, if Seth was the murderer of Osiris, then the only way Astrid would believe him was if she remembered Luke for what he truly was.	如果大卫所怀疑的是真的，如果西斯是奥西里斯的凶手，那么阿斯特里德唯一相信他的方式就是如果她记得卢克的真实情况。	1
If what Luthor had said was true; then we were facing the impending conquest of an alien being with capabilities beyond any recorded humanoid we have encountered to date.	如果卢索尔所说的是真实的话，那么我们就面临着一个具有我们迄今所遇到的任何有记录的人性以外的能力的外国人即将被征服的局面。	1
If you are a culinary student, the specific time frame of this program will be discussed with you at the time of your interview.	如果您是一名烹饪学生，将在面试时与您讨论该计划的具体时间范围。	1
If you are a high school student and look to gain college credits, this is the one to consider.	如果你是一个高中学生并且想获得大学学分，这是一个值得考虑的问题。	0
If you are any where near to that travel plan do call and you can be worked in.	如果您在该旅行计划附近的任何地方，请拨打电话，您可以在那里工作。	2
If you are carrying a program based on lack, you are attracting that lack into your life.	如果你正在实施一个基于缺乏的计划，你的生活中就会吸引到这种缺乏。	2
If you are curious, you can find a much more ridiculously detailed timeline in the newspost here!	如果你好奇，你可以在这里的报纸上找到一个更详细的时间表！	1
If you are gonna be using a wireless what card do you have ?	如果您要使用无线网卡，您有什么卡？	1
If you are hoping to get an MP3 player that has several different functions, but you lack the hundreds of dollars to spend, than this could be just the thing you are looking for.	如果你希望得到一个有几个不同功能的 MP3 播放器，但你没有花数百美元，这可能是你正在寻找的东西。	2
If you are in Mesaria, then have a look on the nearby village of Vothonas with houses and impressive churches...	如果你在梅萨里亚，可以看看附近的沃索纳村庄，那里有房子和令人印象深刻的教堂 ...	0
If you are interested in working hard to help our communities thrive, please plan to attend.	如果您有兴趣努力帮助我们的社区蓬勃发展，请计划参加。	1
If you are interested, reply to this email or post a comment on the event, as of now the location will be Millers as usual but I will send another email and update the event if this changes.	如果您有兴趣，请回复此电子邮件或发布有关活动的评论，从现在起，地点将与往常一样是米勒斯，但如果发生变化，我将发送另一封电子邮件并更新活动。	0
If you are looking to host a business site, or to sell products or services using your website, it is extremely important that you choose a top rated web host.	如果您希望托管一个商业网站，或者希望使用您的网站销售产品或服务，那么选择一个最受好评的 Web 主机是极其重要的。	1
If you are lucky, some drops of alcohol will be ok to release the helicoid screw ; for severe cases, the only solution is to dismount the whole system and clean each part.	如果您幸运的话，一些酒精滴可以释放螺杆；对于严重情况，唯一的解决办法是拆卸整个系统并清洁每个部件。	1
If you are masking anything all you are doing is covering it.	如果你在屏蔽任何东西，你所做的就是覆盖它。	2
If you are not a parent or guardian and are not booked on the British Freeski Camps, you will be charged an extra 15%.	如果您不是父母或监护人，也不是英国弗里斯基集中营的预订者，您将被收取额外的 15% 的费用。	1
If you are not having symptoms or if you are a smoker (which would be a waste of healthcare dollars or dont have a regular exercise program or state you are unwilling to do so).	如果您没有症状或吸烟（这会浪费医疗费用，或者没有定期的运动计划或表示您不愿意这样做）。	0
If you are on a budget or prefer to just get the basics and add to it, then check out the Basic Formulas category.	如果您预算有限，或者希望只获取基础知识并添加到基础知识中，请查看 " 基本公式 " 类别。	1
If you are playing in a Saxophone Quartet, be absolutely certain that every musician in the ensemble is on the exact same page.	如果你在萨克斯四重奏中演奏，一定要确保每一个乐团的音乐家都在同一页上。	1
If you are really worried, go and see you health visitor/ paediatrician to put your mind at rest.	如果你真的很担心，去看看你的健康访客 / 儿科医生，让你的头脑休息。	1
If you are searching for Xmas found tips for the most effective Xmas gift items in 2010 for kids, this short article looks at the highest Xmas gift items in 2010 for kids.	如果您正在寻找圣诞礼物，在 2010 年为孩子们找到最有效的圣诞礼物，这篇简短的文章将介绍 2010 年为孩子们准备的最高圣诞礼物。	1
If you are still interested in getting together to practice in the Alamo heights courts please join the suggested meet up and we can coordinate it.	如果您仍有兴趣在阿拉莫高地法院练习，请加入建议的会面，我们可以进行协调。	1
If you are still unsure whether to play or not, contact ixgames at the gambling forum with your questions and we will gladly help.	如果您仍不确定是否玩游戏，请在博彩论坛上联系 ixgames 并提出您的问题，我们将乐意为您提供帮助。	1
If you are summarising a large section of the book, you do not need to include page numbers.	如果要总结本书的大部分内容，则不需要包含页码。	1
If you are truly in love and both willing to work through whatever may come, engagement time means nothing.	如果您真正热爱自己，并且都愿意通过任何可能出现的事情来工作，那么敬业时间并不意味着什么。	2
If you are trying to change so that someone else will change, you are absolving them their responsibility to change and you are taking the credit for the changes that do occur.	如果您试图改变以使其他人改变，您就放弃了他们改变的责任，并且您对发生的变化表示赞扬。	2
If you are typing and want to add a forward bracket like > just press SYMBOL and using two green arrow keys, simply navigate through until you hit a symbol you want.	如果您正在键入并要添加前移方括号（如 > ），只需按符号并使用两个绿色箭头键，只需浏览直至您单击所需的符号。	1
If you are uncomfortable taking any of the mp antibiotics you have that are listed as expired, ask your doctor for a new prescription.	如果您不愿意服用任何被列为过期的 MP 抗生素，请向您的医生咨询新的处方。	0
If you are unfamiliar with HDR images, they are creating by combining images of a scene that were taken using different exposures.	如果您不熟悉 HDR 图像，它们将通过合并使用不同曝光拍摄的场景图像来创建。	1
If you are willing to appreciate that you or your child needs to see this process through, you can really make a difference in how things are.	如果您愿意理解您或您的孩子需要通过这一过程，您可以真正改变现状。	1
If you are wishing and desiring any of these or something else, there is an answer to your longing that can quench any desire you have.	如果您希望并希望获得这些或其他任何东西，您的渴望将得到一个答案，可以消除您的任何愿望。	2
If you buy any market umbrellas then you can utilize them to place them in any location on the roadside and have your market.	如果您购买任何市场雨伞，则可以利用它们将它们放置在路边的任何位置并拥有您的市场。	2
If you call the tail of a horse a leg, the horse still has FOUR legs.	如果你把一匹马的尾巴称为一条腿，那匹马还有四条腿。	0
If you can fulfill your traffic school online requirement from home or go to a Mustang hotel room for an entire day, which sounds more convenient?	如果您可以在家中满足交通学校的在线要求，或者在 Mustang 酒店房间住一整天，那听起来更方便？	2
If you can open up to her about what you are thinking and feeling, that will start a really useful conversation.	如果你能让她了解你的想法和感受，那就会开始一场真正有用的对话。	1
If you can plug into a router using an ethernet cable then you can turn your mac into a wireless router for other people to share the internet from you.	如果您可以使用以太网线插入路由器，则可以将 Mac 转变为无线路由器，让其他人与您共享互联网。	1
If you can see Sky News, return to the channel you were previously having issues with and check to see if the problem has been resolved.	如果您可以看到 Sky News ，请返回您之前遇到问题的频道，并检查问题是否已解决。	1
If you could hike up a mountain of food... what would it be made of?	如果你能徒步上山吃东西的话……它是由什么组成的？	2
If you could please head over there and follow me so that I can also follow you, that would be awesome!	如果你可以的话，就去那里跟我走，这样我也可以跟你走，那就太棒了！	2
If you could wear formal Vulcan robes while on Alpha Centauri.	如果你能在阿尔法中央广场上穿正式的 Vulcan 浴袍的话。	1
If you decide that a recruiter will be beneficial to you in your job hunt, be prepared to express your career objectives to the recruiter: Type of practice you are seeking.	如果您决定招聘人员在求职中对您有利，请准备向招聘人员表达您的职业目标：您正在寻找的实践类型。	1
If you did not know 60 years later, you get the impression that the war might be over by next Christmas, when in fact there were four more years to go.	如果你 60 年后还不知道，你会有一种印象，那就是战争可能在下个圣诞节结束，而事实上还有四年的时间。	1
If you disable MP, the local router does not initiate MP negotiation.	如果禁用 MP ，本地路由器不会启动 MP 协商。	0
If you do a certain task a lot, the brain will optimize things so that you can do it without conscious thought.	如果你做了很多事情，大脑会优化事情，这样你就可以在没有意识的情况下做。	1
If you do not already have your AA, even that can increase your income.	如果您还没有 AA ，即使这样也可以增加您的收入。	1
If you do not, then you are discriminating and that is illegal in the eyes of the Judicial System and the FL and US Constitution.	如果你不这样做，那么你就是歧视，在司法系统以及联邦宪法和美国宪法的眼中，这是非法的。	0
If you do not want to be separated from your pets during your Samnaun visit, this is a good option for your stay.	如果您不想在游览桑纳恩期间与宠物分离，这是您住宿的好选择。	0
If you fail to do so, you will be liable for any unauthorised transactions on your account confirmed by use of the Security Details.	如果您未能做到这一点，您将对您账户上通过使用 " 安全详情 " 确认的任何未经授权的交易承担责任。	0
If you feel right about helping each other, you have to do it in spite of whatever resistances you might face.	如果你对互相帮助感到正确，你必须这样做，尽管你可能面临任何阻力。	1
If you figured you would need 100 links to rank on Google, then you will now need to up that number to account for the fact that you have optimized your site for a different engine.	如果您认为您需要 100 个链接才能在 Google 上排名，那么您现在需要增加该数字，以说明您已经为不同的引擎优化了网站。	1
If you find one directly in the software, this of course, will save you time and efforts as you can right away start making your brochure.	如果您直接在软件中找到一个，这当然可以节省您的时间和精力，因为您可以立即开始制作小册子。	1
If you get federal contracts, at least you should follow federal laws and not shaft the hard working prosecutors by making them look like fools who have no authority to make you do right.	如果你获得联邦合同，至少你应该遵守联邦法律，而不是通过让检察官看起来像无权让你做正确的傻瓜而控制他们。	2
If you get something dirty or leave something on the floor, she will scold.	如果你有脏东西或者把东西留在地板上，她就会伤到。	1
If you have a feature request, please post it on the Google Custom Search Help Forum.	如果您有功能请求，请将其发布到 Google 自定义搜索帮助论坛。	1
If you have a garden pond and are interested in building a beautiful bridge over it, you can do so in your free time.	如果你有一个花园池塘，并且有兴趣在上面建造一座美丽的桥，你可以在自由时间这样做。	1
If you have a history of spinal injury or other spinal pathologies, seek professional advice prior to commencing this exercise.	如果您有脊椎损伤或其他脊柱病史，请在开始此项练习前寻求专业建议。	0
If you have a number of plans then you can combine them and draw a good one.	如果你有很多计划，那么你可以把它们组合起来，并绘制一个好的计划。	0
If you have any ideas for destination please let me know.	如果您对目的地有任何想法，请告诉我。	1
If you have any information, any thoughts, or even just links to websites that might provide me with more information, it would be GREATLY appreciated.	如果您有任何信息，想法，甚至只是网站链接，可以为我提供更多信息，我们将不胜感激。	1
If you have any interest at all in electronics, I suggest picking one up and learning about it.	如果您对电子产品有任何兴趣，我建议您挑选一个并了解它。	0
If you have any of these conditions, you may presumably shed coexistent to vardenafil number men taking bupropion, or you may staff a paprika adjustment or aimless interviews during treatment.	如果你有任何这些条件，你可能会被认为是“不存在”的人，他们在服用丙普利翁，或者你可以在治疗过程中进行木瓜调整或无目标的面谈。	2
If you have any periods about this, liquid valium shot with your cyclothymia care professional.	如果您对此有任何时间，请与您的细胞膜炎护理专业人员一起使用液体钙。	2
If you have any photos, news clippings, or fond memories let this committee know before you go brain dead!	如果你有任何照片，新闻剪报或美好的回忆，在你脑子死之前，让这个委员会知道！	2
If you have any queries about anything, feel free to email us and we will get back to you as fast as we can!	如果您有任何疑问，请随时向我们发送电子邮件，我们将尽快回复您！	0
If you have any special requirements, please let us know before you arrival and we will be happy to accommodate you.	如果您有任何特殊要求，请在抵达前告知我们，我们将乐意为您提供服务。	0
If you have a web site, your distribution costs should probably be zero.	如果您有一个网站，您的分发成本可能为零。	1
If you have bad credit, secured credit cards or prepaid credit cards may be one option.	如果您的信用不良，则可以选择使用安全信用卡或预付信用卡。	1
If you have come to our website to find out about a fitted kitchen supplier in and around Telford TF5 then we would like to give you some tips.	如果您来到我们的网站，了解 Telford TF5 及其周围的配套厨房供应商，我们将为您提供一些建议。	0
If you have double checked all of these, it is time to get in touch with where ever you bought the board and start the RMA process I am afraid.	如果您已经仔细检查了所有这些，那么现在是时候联系您购买主板的地方，并开始 RMA 流程了，恐怕是这样了。	2
If you have ever traveled in an automobile for a long period of time you would know how excruciatingly boring in can turn out to be.	如果你在一辆汽车上旅行了很长一段时间，你就会知道这是多么令人兴奋的无聊。	1
If you have more than one NTFS volume, each one will have its own journal.	如果您有多个 NTFS 卷，则每个卷都有自己的日志。	0
If you have never blogged before, this may prove to be a bit difficult.	如果您以前从未进行过博客，这可能会证明有点困难。	2
If you have not completed a living will or health care directive, the doctors who treat you will use their own discretion in deciding what kind of medical care you will receive.	如果您尚未完成生活意愿或医疗指令，那么治疗您的医生将自行决定您将获得何种医疗服务。	0
If you have not received response, that means I have not got your email at all.	如果您没有收到回复，这意味着我根本没有收到您的电子邮件。	0
If you have only ten men then a loss of two is a major concern.	如果你只有十个人，那么两人的损失是一个主要的问题。	2
If you have overactive melanocytes they will produce darker pigmented areas called hyperpigmentation.	如果您有过活性黑色细胞，它们将产生更暗的色素区域，称为比色。	2
If you have passed these conditions then you are fit to take first pa lottery number advance.	如果您已经通过了这些条件，那么您可以提前购买第一笔 PA 彩票。	1
If you have reviewed the contents of this page please click one of the two buttons below.	如果您已经查看了本页的内容，请点击下面两个按钮中的一个。	0
If you know me at all, you know that I'm all about peace and love and all that stuff.	如果你认识我，你就知道我的一切都是和平与爱以及所有这些东西。	1
If you know more about Preko please add your knowledge to this article.	如果您了解有关 Preko 的更多信息，请将您的知识添加到本文中。	1
If you know the aspects of the invoice payments then you will be all set when the time to settle it arrives.	如果您知道发票付款的各个方面，那么当结算时间到达时，您就会全部设定好。	2
If you leave View Password checked you will see the password while typing it.	如果您选中查看密码，则在键入密码时将看到该密码。	0
If you like contemporary European feature films brimming with all natural beauties and uninhibited .	如果您喜欢当代欧洲特色电影，那么这些电影将充满自然的美丽和无限的魅力。	1
If you like, lift up your hand and move it as though you are erasing the board while following the shadow of your moving hand with your eyes (keeping your head still).	如果你喜欢，抬起你的手，移动它，就像你在擦黑板，同时用眼睛跟随你移动的手的阴影（保持你的头不动）。	2
If you like places that are off the beaten path but still have good amenities, this is a great place.	如果你喜欢远离喧嚣但仍有良好设施的地方，这是一个很棒的地方。	1
If you live in the Southern Oregon area you probably did!	如果你住在俄勒冈州南部地区，你可能会这样做！	0
If you look around a bit more there are dancers that emote quite nicely and fully.	如果你环顾四周，有一些舞者，他们的表演非常漂亮，而且很完整。	2
If you look at your purchase as an investment since it is something you will using for a while, perhaps that extra comfort may be worth it in the end?	如果您将购买视为一项投资，因为这是您将要使用的一段时间，那么最终可能会带来额外的舒适性？	2
If you maintain a good relationship with both your father and stepfather, you can walk down half the way with your father and he can turn you over to your stepfather to walk the rest of the way.	如果你和你的父亲和继父都保持良好的关系，你可以和你的父亲走一半路，他可以把你转到你的继父那里走剩下的路。	2
If you may be using your pocket book for graphics work, it might be worthwhile having a CRT monitor to connect to.	如果您使用袖珍手册进行图形处理，则最好使用 CRT 显示器进行连接。	0
If you need a carport in Sunshine Homestyle Living can cater to you Carports are an affordable and convenient method of protecting the entrance to your home and sheltering your car.	如果你需要一个在阳光家庭生活中的机场，可以满足你的需要，这是一个负担得起和方便的方法，保护你的家的入口和为你的汽车提供庇护。	1
If you need legal advice, please see What are the laws in my state?	如果您需要法律建议，请参阅我所在州的法律是什么？	1
If you need to send a telegram, the main post office offers the most efficient service.	如果您需要发送电报，主邮局将提供最高效的服务。	0
If you or a friend of yours are on this list, please contact us so that we can know what the status on the fic is and how we should proceed.	如果您或您的朋友在此列表中，请与我们联系，以便我们知道信息的状态以及我们应该如何处理。	0
If you plan to design your website soon, make sure that you pay special attention to the navigation structure deployed on your website to ensure maximum benefit to your users!	如果您计划尽快设计您的网站，请确保您特别注意在网站上部署的导航结构，以确保为用户带来最大利益！	1
If you press space key and drag the mouse, view point of edit pane is moved.	如果按空格键并拖动鼠标，则编辑窗格的查看点将被移动。	1
If your air conditioner packs in, you need to know there is help at hand so you are assured of top class air conditioning repair.	如果您的空调已经安装好，您需要知道手边有帮助，这样您就可以获得一流的空调维修服务。	1
If your are not satisfied with the results for RI, please use one part of the name only to find better results.	如果您对 RI 的结果不满意，请仅使用名称的一部分来查找更好的结果。	1
If your card is great, people cannot bring themselves to throw it away.	如果你的牌很好，人们就不能把它扔掉。	2
If your child is a Strawberry, you will take them or pick them up at the classroom across from the Bunny class.	如果您的孩子是草莓，您将带他们或在班尼课堂上接他们。	2
If you really get into cooking and want to make more of your foods from scratch, JOC can be invaluable as a resource.	如果你真的开始烹饪，想从零开始做更多的食物， JOC 可以成为一种宝贵的资源。	1
If you refuse, then we know you to be unjust and have no cause to take your words seriously.	如果你拒绝，那么我们就知道你是不公正的，没有理由严肃对待你的言论。	0
If you remember, tell me when Was the last time you heard or read Of the Dying consoling the Dead?	如果你记得，请告诉我，你上次听到或读到死亡的安慰的时候是什么时候？	2
If your friends are a bunch of partiers, visit a city with a thriving night life.	如果您的朋友是一群聚会者，请参观一座夜生活蓬勃的城市。	2
If your timetable requires you to attend classes at both sites, a free shuttle bus service is available, which transports students between the two main campuses.	如果您的时间表要求您参加两个站点的课程，则提供免费穿梭巴士服务，将学生送至两个主要校园。	1
If you stay on the same bus, your fare lets you ride to the Transit Center only once.	如果您乘坐同一辆巴士，您只需乘坐一次交通中心。	2
If you suspect this to be the case, check out our other blog entries that can help you improve your communication: Do you know if your sales team is motivated?	如果您怀疑是这样，请查看我们的其他博客条目，这些条目可以帮助您改善沟通：您是否知道您的销售团队是否有积极性？	0
If you travel overland by own car, it is very important to arrive at the boat pier in time in order to catch the boat.	如果您是自驾游，及时到达船码头是非常重要的，这样才能赶上船。	1
If you value reaching a niche audience of decision makers crisscrossing the world for trade and opportunity – this is the right online publication to advertise your products and services.	如果您重视接触到决策者的特定受众，为贸易和机会而开拓世界，那么这是宣传您的产品和服务的正确在线出版物。	2
If you want all free ways to find information about people then this is a good option.	如果您希望通过所有免费方式查找有关人员的信息，那么这是一个不错的选择。	0
If you want a professional performance truck bed liner and save money by doing it yourself, look no further.	如果你想要一辆专业的高性能卡车的内衬，并通过自己做来节省资金，那么就不要再找了。	0
If you want, I will try and get some settings for your TV that will get you started.	如果您愿意，我将尝试为您的电视获取一些设置，以便您开始使用。	1
If you want to catch Monster Stripers this winter or spring, then you better book soon!	如果你想在这个冬天或春天赶上怪兽级的人，那么你最好尽快预定！	1
If you want to hit this type of concept, then you ought to be hard work things with Fleur De Lis Western decorating on them.	如果你想达到这种概念 , 那么你应该努力工作 , 在他们身上有弗莱尔 · 德雷斯西方装饰 .	2
If you want to make your walk more challenging add a heavy book to a backpack and scout out hilly terrain.	如果你想让你的行走更具挑战性，你可以在背包上放一本重书，然后在丘陵地带探险。	1
If you want to place a download button for Complex Calculator Precision 18 on your website just insert the following code to your web.	如果您想在网站上放置复杂计算器 Precision 18 的下载按钮，只需将以下代码插入您的网站。	1
If you want to place a download button for Horse and Equestrian Web Elements on your website just insert the following code to your web.	如果您想在您的网站上放置一个马和马术网站元素的下载按钮，只需在您的网站上插入以下代码即可。	1
If you want to shell the track, gearshift true archive over unshakeable spills or hinge your twists to the pump, any of these underpinnings from edge impairment are copyrighted to do the trick.	如果您想要在不可动摇的溢出物上进行真实的归档，或将您的扭结转至泵上，则来自边缘损伤的任何一个基础都将被版权保护以执行此项操作。	1
If you want your hens to lay high high quality eggs, you will require to invest in their welfare by offering them the best facility, appropriate care and management that you can give.	如果你想让你的母鸡们躺在高质量的鸡蛋上，你需要投资于他们的福利，向他们提供最好的设施，适当的照顾和管理。	2
If you wish to be high and mighty then try to educate and preach, but it will not help your win ratio.	如果你希望高，强，那就试着教育和宣传，但这无助于你的胜利率。	2
If you wish to contribute, edit the documentation included in it and Send it to me using the feedback form, or email once you learn how to contact me.	如果您希望参与，请编辑其中包含的文档，并使用反馈表或电子邮件将其发送给我，一旦您了解如何联系我。	2
If you would like someone to contact you about a potential application for our density systems, please click here.	如果您希望有人就我们的密度系统的潜在应用与您联系，请单击此处。	1
If you would like the parcel delivered to a different address (maybe a work address) please enter this information into the shipping address field or in the comments field.	如果您希望将包裹配送到其他地址（可能是工作地址），请在配送地址字段或备注字段中输入此信息。	0
If you would like to know more information about this product, please dont hesitate to ask by Contacting Us Angel - 35ml Eau De Parfum Refillable Spray...	如果您想了解有关本产品的更多信息，请随时联系我们 Angel - 35 毫升 Eau de Parfum 可重新填充喷雾剂 ...	0
If you would like to talk to me, please call or stop by!	如果您想与我交谈，请致电或停留！	1
I gave him the nickname Herutsu, and when he asked why I said because Herutsu roughly translates out to Heart from Japanese, and I wanted him to be my guardian of heart.	我给了他一个绰号“英雄”，当他问我为什么说，因为“英雄”大概是日本人的心，我希望他成为我的心脏监护人。	2
I gave Max one more chance to toast a marshmallow.	我又给了马克斯一个机会烤棉花糖。	0
I gave them a call and they sent me some information and a contract in the mail.	我给他们打了一个电话，他们在邮件中给我发送了一些信息和合同。	0
I generally go for things that are recommended to me so if friends have told you about Spirit Rock, then just go check it out!	我通常会去做推荐给我的事情，所以如果朋友告诉你关于 Spirit Rock ，那就去看看吧！	1
I get far too into games of rugby (I could have given Martin Johnson a run for his money in the scowling stakes this past Six Nations *grumbles*).	我参加橄榄球比赛的时间太长了（我本可以让马丁 · 约翰逊在过去六个国家的“大乱”中以他的钱跑出来 * 脾气暴躁 * ）。	2
I get this by taking an antihistamine that helps me sleep and dries out my perpetually runny nose.	我通过服用抗组胺来实现这一目标，这种胺能帮助我睡觉，并使我永远不会跑的鼻子干涸。	2
Ignoring money management guidelines is the number one reason that retail forex traders fail.	忽视货币管理准则是零售外汇交易商失败的第一个原因。	1
Ignoring the smoke, and the chunks of porcelain littering the ground, she focused on the item in front of her.	她不顾烟味，又把瓷块抛在地上，把注意力集中在她面前的物品上。	2
I got 20k on the od and other than my scheduled maintanance I have not had to get anything repaired or fixed.	我在维修厂上拿到了 20 公里，除了我的计划维护之外，我还没有任何维修或修复的东西。	2
I got an email from an angry lady.	我收到了一位愤怒的女士发来的电子邮件。	1
I got an interesting review also on my last chapter, so I wish to answer it properly.	我也对我的最后一章做了有趣的评论，所以我想正确回答。	1
I got it last year after my siblings and I split the family fortune.	我是去年在我的兄弟姐妹和我分割了家庭财富之后才获得的。	1
I go to Cafe Cocomo and the Cloud 9 Motel to dance it up to funky house music by international DJs like Frenchy Le Freak, who recognizes my face at this point by my mad dancing.	我去科科莫咖啡馆和 Cloud 9 汽车旅馆，跳到国际 DJ 的时髦的家庭音乐中，比如弗雷西奇 · 勒弗拉克，他在这一点上通过我疯狂的舞蹈来认出我的脸。	2
I got some great information, I felt productive and incredibly inspired by the work happening there.	我得到了一些很好的信息，我感到很有效率，并且对那里发生的工作有着令人难以置信的启发。	2
I got the opportunity to see two of them this week.	本周我有机会看到其中两个。	1
I got to be awakened by the alarm clock at six in the morning.	我早上 6 点就被闹钟吵醒了。	0
I grabbed my stuff and clomped down the stairs.	我抓住了我的东西，然后下了楼梯。	1
I grab him by the ear and pull him towards the door.	我抓住他的耳朵，把他拉向门。	0
I grew up in a wonderful neighborhood where we played outside all day into the wee hours of the evening (until the street lights came on!).	我在一个很棒的社区长大，我们整天都在外面玩耍，直到晚上的凌晨（直到街上的灯光亮起！）。	1
I grew up in Langhorne, and currently live in a sober house in Levittown.	我在兰高独角兽长大，目前住在莱维特敦一座清醒的房子里。	2
I grin as an additional thought occurs to me.	我还想了另一个想法。	1
I gripped it against my nose and felt revulsion when I could only smell my own scent on the fabric.	当我只能在织物上闻到自己的气味时，我就把它放在鼻子上，感到很反感。	2
I guess I just have to try harder to get him to write about that time period as well.	我想我只需要更努力地让他也写这段时间。	2
I guess I see this issue in many different shades of grey rather than black and white.	我想我在许多不同的灰度而不是黑和白度中看到这个问题。	1
I guess itll all be answered later on in the story (and i shouldnt be so darn impathient) but im very curious as to just why was Gilbert poisoned.	我想故事的后面会有人回答所有的问题（我不应该这么胆小地说不出病），但我很好奇为什么吉尔伯特会中毒。	2
I guess it will become a better alternative once the gas prices will start climbing fast.	我想，一旦天然气价格迅速攀升，这将成为一个更好的选择。	0
I guess I will see how his family treats me at the funeral.	我想我会看到他的家人在葬礼上如何对待我。	1
I guess I will vote again on the name I still think it should be Wes so hey looking forward to more, contiune.	我想我会再次投票给我这个名字，我仍然认为应该是韦斯，我期待着更多，继续下去。	2
I guess poor little Harry will be going back before long.	我想可怜的小哈利会在不久的将来回来。	2
I guess that is what makes all the difference.	我想，这就是一切的区别所在。	1
I guess the mechanics is there for you to hone in you timing and control manuevers to achieve maximum speed.	我想，机械师可以让您在计时和控制机械手时进行调整，以实现最高速度。	1
I guess the reporter does not understand the power of internet and is still stuck in the TV days.	我想记者不明白互联网的威力，现在仍停留在电视时代。	1
I guess the world would still be far from as perfect as I wished it to be.	我想世界还远远没有我所希望的那么完美。	0
I guess this is rule number one never talk to them alone, never let them into your house.	我想这是第一条规则，永远不与他们单独交谈，永远不让他们进入你的家。	0
I guess this would be called slightly delayed blogging - the kind you reflect on in the hotel bar.	我想这会被称为稍微延迟的博客——这是你在酒店酒吧所反映的那种。	1
I guess you just proved you were cleverer than all of us, in the end. I hope you put that cleverness to good use and come back.	我猜你刚才证明你比我们所有人都更聪明。我希望你把这种聪明运用得好，然后回来。	1
I guess you probably only saw the back of my head when I did judging at SQIT.	我猜你可能只是在我判断 SQIT 时才看到我的头背。	1
I had a dream last night where Jay and I were sitting outside next to my pool.	昨天晚上我有一个梦想， Jay 和我坐在我的泳池旁边。	1
I had a lot of guilt associated with that.	我有很多与此相关的罪过。	1
I had already seen several of the present FKS ladies before the formation of FKS.	我在 FKS 成立之前已经见过几位 FKS 女士。	0
I had an amazing plate of Gnocchi for dinner!	我吃了一盘很棒的汤团作为晚餐！	0
I had anything but a track record that would bring confidence and hope into the heart of a wife.	我除了有一个能给妻子带来信心和希望的记录之外，还有其他的记录。	2
I had a really big laugh from a sign that was once in a church parking lot.	我在教堂停车场的一个标志上笑得非常开心。	1
I had a similar experience a few days ago when I went to Baguio.	几天前我去碧瑶时也有类似的经历。	2
I had a very interesting day cooking today.	我今天的烹饪非常有趣。	1
I had done just as my dreams had instructed.	正如我的梦想所指示的那样，我已经做了。	2
I had gone from being your dog to just a dog, and you resented every expenditure on my behalf.	我已经从你的狗到狗，你代表我对每一笔开支都感到不满。	2
I had grudgingly allowed myself into conversation with Harry later on during breakfast, but I was still angry with Ron.	早餐期间，我曾愤怒地允许自己和 Harry 交谈，但我仍然对 Ron 感到愤怒。	2
I had it stored away in one of the boxes in the closet that I share with my brothers because they too store their personal belongings.	我把它存放在我和我的兄弟分享的衣柜里的一个盒子里，因为他们也存放着他们的个人物品。	1
I had little knowledge on the subject of cigars prior to reading it.	在阅读雪茄之前，我对雪茄问题知之甚少。	2
I had my dog trained in Houston by a trainer who trained dogs for the police.	我的狗在休斯顿接受了一名训练员的训练，训练了警犬。	1
I had never even heard of this woman until I got some old books from an estate sale and there was some little volume in there called Plum Bun, which I loved by her.	我甚至从来没有听说过这个女人，直到我从一个房地产销售中拿到了一些旧书，那里有一些小的书，叫 Plum Bun ，我喜欢她。	2
I had never known such a trainer existed before met you.	我在见到你之前从未知道有这样的训练员。	0
I had no idea how long I'd been asleep for, but I woke up when I felt the covers lift and someone who was half naked get into bed with me.	我不知道我睡了多久，但当我感觉到有人把盖板抬起，半裸的人和我一起上床时，我醒来了。	2
I had no idea she had been frantically trying to call me for the last several hours.	我不知道她在过去几个小时里一直在疯狂地试图打电话给我。	2
I had returned to Kansas City from my new home in North Carolina to say goodbye to my grandfather as he met his Savior.	我从北卡罗莱纳州的新家回到了堪萨斯城，在我祖父见到救世主的时候向他道别。	1
I had the chance to experience the same product on Win PC with almost same HW configuration, and sometimes I have to ask.	我有机会在 Win PC 上体验到相同的硬件配置，有时我不得不问。	2
I had the chance to pray with Stephanie about this today.	今天我有机会和斯蒂芬妮一起祈祷。	1
I had the impression things were bad in Iran but I had no real inclination they were so sinister.	我的印象是伊朗的情况不好，但我没有真正的倾向，他们是如此的邪恶。	2
I had the opportunity to chat with Eddy online yesterday before he booked into camp...	昨天我有机会在 Eddy 预订入营前与他进行在线交谈 ...	2
I had the same issue After I saved my config and reloaded the router all was fine.	保存我的配置并重新加载路由器后出现相同问题，但一切都正常。	1
I had to call him up and get some help because I was lost in Pennsylvania with no GPS (of course).	我不得不打电话给他，得到一些帮助，因为我在宾夕法尼亚州迷路了，没有 GPS （当然）。	1
I had to discontinue education while studying as my parents could not afford to pay for it.	我在学习期间不得不中断教育，因为我的父母无力支付教育费用。	1
I had to exchange sizes and have a lot of alterations done but everything turned out beautifully.	我不得不交换尺码，做了很多改变，但一切都很漂亮。	1
I had to smile, yes I had in fact been dreaming of her, wanting to go to her myself.	我不得不微笑，是的，我实际上一直在梦想着她，想自己去找她。	1
I hastily lock it behind me and run up to his room, leaving the key on the ground somewhere between the door and is room.	我急忙把它锁在我身后，跑到他的房间里，把钥匙留在地上的门和房间之间。	2
I hated attention of any kind, so I entered the lab with my eyes fixed firmly on the floor trying to deflect it away from me.	我讨厌任何形式的注意力，所以我进入实验室时，眼睛紧紧地固定在地板上，试图将它从我身边转移。	2
I hated that we never got to see more about this part of the story!	我讨厌我们再也没有看到更多关于这部分故事的内容了！	2
I hate leftists for what they are doing to this country.	我讨厌左派对这个国家所做的事情。	0
I hate when female warriors have hair that does not move or get messed up after fighting.	当女性战士的头发在战斗后不能移动或被弄乱时，我就恨了。	2
I have 7 things to share with you today: BC on Instagram I just started up an Instagram account HERE.	今天我有 7 件事要与您分享： BC 在 Instagram 上，我刚刚在这里建立了一个 Instagram 帐户。	2
I have a daughter and two fabulous grandkids.	我有一个女儿和两个极好的孙子。	1
I have a fear that the case will not be treated on its own merit since your worship you are a presiding officer and a prosecutor at the same time, he said.	他说：“我担心这一案件不会因自己的信仰而受到处理，因为你是一名主持宗教仪式的官员，同时也是一名检察官。	1
I have a hunch that Sigler has greater ambitions than simply enabling people to make things.	我很想 Sigler 有比让人们做事情更远大的抱负。	1
I have already provided the textual reasons for this (though Shiloh either ignores them or dismisses them).	我已经提供了这方面的案文理由（尽管 Shiloh 不是无视它们，就是不理会它们）。	0
I have already signed on with a few different charities, so that we would be able to supply the news hubs with new, fresh and positive information regarding this beauty queen.	我已经与几个不同的慈善机构签署了协议，以便我们能够向新闻中心提供有关这位美丽女王的新的，新鲜的和积极的信息。	1
I have also had the pleasure of knowing Joel for quite a few years through his participation on my discussion board.	我也很高兴通过 Joel 参与我的讨论板，在过去的几年里认识了他。	2
I have a Netflix account and I love being able to watch movies on my laptop instantly.	我拥有 Netflix 帐户，我喜欢能够在笔记本电脑上即时观看电影。	0
I have an extensive background and experience in the areas of Administration and Customer Care.	我在管理和客户服务领域拥有丰富的背景和经验。	0
I have an older umax and it is connected by an usb port.	我有一个较旧的 UMAX ，它通过 USB 端口连接。	0
I have answered that an emotion is a mental state whenever it has a cognitive component that itself counts as a mental state.	我的回答是，只要某种情绪具有认知成分，而这种认知成分本身也被视为精神状态，它就会成为一种精神状态。	1
I have a passion to assist people and seeing others assist those in need.	我有一种帮助他人的热情，并看到他人帮助那些需要帮助的人。	1
I have a sense of responsibility to do my bit, to contribute, but find when time and money are limited the opportunity to minister to others is reduced.	我有责任尽自己的一份力量，贡献自己的力量，但当时间和金钱受到限制时，向他人提供的机会就会减少。	1
I have a special interest in fertility, pregnancy and beyond, and have been counselling clients in these areas as the main focus of my practice for the past four years.	我对生育率，怀孕和其他方面特别感兴趣，并一直在这些领域为客户提供咨询，这是我在过去四年中的主要工作重点。	0
I have a specimen of atrophy of the kidney in which the parenchymatous texture was nearly entirely destroyed by a number of serous cysts that were developed in its interior.	我有一个肾萎缩的标本，在其中，结核质的质地几乎完全被其内部形成的一些血清囊肿所破坏。	0
I have a very busy schedule but I am occasionally available on Saturday afternoon.	我有一个非常繁忙的日程安排，但我偶尔会在星期六下午有空。	0
I have been an engineer on foreign projects and had opportunities to talk to others from countries that have socialized medicine and they tell a very different story than Michael Moore.	我曾是外国项目的工程师，有机会与其他医学社会化国家的人交谈，他们讲述的故事与迈克尔 · 摩尔截然不同。	1
I have been cooking less and eating out more (including summer ice cream stops) so I know that a whole foods diet would feel really nourishing right now.	我的烹饪量越来越少，外出就餐的时间也越来越多（包括夏季冰淇淋站），所以我知道，一个完整的食物饮食现在就能真正地滋养。	2
I have been hooked on studying all things history since my first archaeology class!	自从我的第一个考古课以来，我就一直迷上学习历史！	1
I have been in contact with a number of vendors and some have already committed to doing their part.	我与许多供应商保持了联系，有些供应商已经承诺尽自己的一份力量。	1
I have been looking forward to finding other friendly Great Danes for mine to socialize and play with!	我一直期待着找到其他友好的伟大的丹麦人，让我和我一起社交和玩耍！	2
I have been playing tennis for many years on and off but just recently took it up actively again to try to stay young.	我打网球已经有很多年了，但最近我又积极地尝试让自己保持年轻。	1
I have been the head softball coach at Rose Hill High School for all 22 years of the program.	在这项计划的 22 年里，我一直是玫瑰山高中的垒球教练。	0
I have been there believe me and would have loved for someone to take me by the hand and get me help - no one did!	我去过那里，相信我，并希望有人带我去拿我的手来帮助我——没有人这样做了！	1
I have been trying round to your website after I heard about them from a buddy and was thrilled when I was capable of finding it after looking for lengthy time.	我从一个朋友那里听说过你的网站后，我一直在尝试访问它们，当我在寻找漫长的时间后能够找到它时，我感到很兴奋。	1
I have been trying to understand as a nonlawyer, if you like, why these were written in the way they were in the first place and why the amendments have been useful.	如果你喜欢，我一直试图理解为什么这些是以最初的方式写的，以及为什么这些修正是有用的。	1
I have been using everyday and have seen the effects.	我每天都在使用，并且已经看到了效果。	0
I have believed this for as long as I have been politically conscious, but to witness such poverty directly packs a real emotional wallop.	只要我有政治意识，我就相信这一点，但亲眼目睹这种贫困直接带来了一个真正的情感上的墙。	2
I have called several methadone clinics and have found out that many do not test for marijuana and are not open 7 days a week.	我给几个美沙酮诊所打电话，发现许多诊所不进行大麻检测，而且每周 7 天都不开放。	2
I have checked to make sure all the connections are secure.	我已检查以确保所有连接都是安全的。	0
I have corrected it below in the original post to avoid as much confusion as possible.	我已在原职位的下面更正该问题，以尽可能避免混淆。	0
I have created a forum topic so we can discuss any issues.	我创建了论坛主题，以便我们可以讨论任何问题。	1
I have decided to start early and go to Lemon Bar during the day.	我决定早点开始，白天去柠檬酒吧。	1
I have done a little research and it seems this guy sims has posted on another blog under the name Master Quark.	我做了一些研究，这位小家伙似乎在另一个名为“ Quark 大师”的博客上发表了文章。	2
I have done very well for myself in both my livelyhood and my satisfaction.	我在我的生活和满意度方面都做得很好。	1
I have enormous amount of respect for Taylor Larimore and Mel Lindauer, and ALL the Bogleheads who so freely give of their time and wisdom to help investors who want to do the right thing.	我非常尊重泰勒 · 拉林莫尔和梅尔 · 林德韦以及所有那些如此自由地奉献时间和智慧帮助想要做正确事情的投资者的 Bogleheads 。	1
I have even seen where people pierce the outside of the nose so that the lenses are screwed into the piercing on either side of the nose.	我甚至看到有人刺穿鼻子外的地方，以便把镜头旋入鼻子两侧的刺穿处。	1
I have found that most headsets with DSP have a slight hiss in the headset.	我发现大多数配备 DSP 的耳机在耳机中有轻微的嘶嘶声。	1
I have found that the theme works much better with niches that are not related to physical products.	我发现这个主题更适合与实体产品无关的特殊领域。	0
I have found this remedy one of the best for ascarides.	我认为这种补救办法是杀糖最好的办法之一。	2
I have given seminars and have done some workd for a couple of funds and institutions.	我曾举办研讨会，并为一些基金和机构做了一些工作。	1
I have great plans regarding the cash prize.	我对现金奖有很好的计划。	1
I have great things in store for you.	我为您准备了很多好的东西。	1
I have had many Surgeries and Hospital stays due to it.	我做过很多手术，也因此住院。	1
I have had strangers stop me to ask what perfume I am wearing.	我曾有陌生人阻止我询问我穿的是什么香水。	1
I have heard a lot of great things about it and so I am really pleased that I can finally attend.	我听说过很多关于它的伟大的事情，所以我很高兴我能最终参加。	1
I have, if I may respectfully say so, the utmost confidence in the present very distinguished noble Baroness who is the chairman of the Judicial Appointments Commission.	如果我可以恭敬地说，我对现任司法任命委员会主席的尊贵的男爵夫人充满信心。	1
I have just tried to read this to my wife and I have come over all unnecessary, so there you go!	我只是想给我的妻子读这本书，我已经提出了所有不必要的东西，所以你就去吧！	2
I have just watched the movie in Animehere.	我刚刚在 Animehere 上观看了这部电影。	1
I have just yet to come across may patterns that justify all that yarn.	我还没有遇到可以证明所有这些纱线的规律。	2
I have known him and his work for many years.	我认识他和他的工作已有多年。	1
I have learnt a great deal observing other actors.	我在观察其他行动者方面学到了很多。	0
I have long been drawn to this figure for her presiding over the arts of love and her patronage of gay and lesbian people.	我早就被这个数字吸引了，因为她主持了爱的艺术以及她对同性恋的赞助。	2
I have loved Sailor Moon since I was a little kid.	我从小就爱上了 Sailor Moon 。	0
I Have made my own body and face oils and been into skin care most of my life.	我自己做了身体和面部精油，在我生命中的大部分时间都在做皮肤护理。	1
I have mentioned it several times, but I think I have neglected to post it here.	我已经提到过几次，但我认为我忽略了在这里张贴它。	2
I have met dozens and dozens of people with exactly the same view.	我遇到了几十个人，他们的观点完全相同。	0
I have modern central heat but why heat up the whole town?	我有现代的中央供暖，但为什么整个城镇都热起来呢？	2
I have moved Gluten Free Gidget over to Wordpress.	我已经将无麸质 Gidget 移到 Wordpress 。	0
I have my own version of that memo addressed to Hillary - asking whether she is ready to be President.	我对希拉里的这份备忘录有自己的说法，她问她是否准备好担任主席。	2
I have never felt any feelings like these!	我从未有过这样的感觉！	0
I have never heard of such a thing and question the legality of it.	我从未听说过这样的事情，并质疑它的合法性。	1
I have no doubt the US consumer is being as fleeced as the Canadian consumer and cattle grower are.	我毫不怀疑，美国消费者和加拿大消费者和养牛者一样，都在成长。	2
I have not tested the range and will not be able too but the computer is over ten feet away from where I use the keyboard.	我尚未测试该范围，也无法测试，但计算机距离我使用键盘的地方超过 10 英尺。	1
I have ordered the Lobster Grilled cheese and Baha Tacos and Steak..	我点了龙虾烤奶酪和巴哈炸玉米饼和牛排	1
I have plenty of cards, but we know Zhang He has no way to save her despite his title as one of the Five phoenix generals of Wei...	我有很多卡片，但我们知道张先生，尽管他被称为魏的五位凤凰将军之一，但他没有办法救她……	0
I have plenty of options to choose from here if you do not feel you have anything suitable.	如果你觉得自己没有合适的东西，我有很多选择。	1
I have put a space for the name of the child, the date, the name of the assessor and an area to mark the final score!	我已为孩子的姓名，日期，评估员的姓名以及最终分数的标记区域留出了一个空间！	0
I have putting stickers on down to a fine artform.	我把贴纸贴在一个精美的艺术上。	2
I have read all of the others in thei series so far and really enjoyed them.	到目前为止，我已经阅读了系列中的所有其他内容，并且真的很喜欢它们。	0
I have read all your responses but only one seemed to get the drift, the rest are hung up on her as some sex ***** prostitute with no potential.	我已经读过你们所有的回答，但似乎只有一个回答偏离了我的要求，其余的回答都被当作一个没有潜力的妓女而挂在她的上。	2
I have read that the SFO airport is really great with its art and exhibits.	我已经知道旧金山机场的艺术和展览真的很棒。	1
I have read this story many times and it always touches me.	我已经看过很多次这个故事，它总是触动我。	1
I have really been amazed at the quality of work most of the students have turned in.	我真的对大部分学生的工作质量感到惊讶。	0
I have received and read a copy of this Replacement Notice.	我已收到并阅读了此更换通知的副本。	1
I have reminded all of my colleagues during the past few days of the effects that Mexico has felt in terms of hurricanes, prolonged droughts, and forest fires that we have never seen before.	我在过去几天里提醒我的所有同事，墨西哥在飓风，长期干旱和森林火灾方面所感受到的影响是我们从未见过的。	2
I have responsibility for an administration team, a warehouse operative team and a team of nine drivers, with three first line managers reporting to me.	我负责一个管理团队，一个仓库运营团队和一个由九名司机组成的团队，其中三名一线经理向我汇报工作。	0
I have seeds for the alamo vine I just need to plant them.	我有阿拉莫葡萄树的种子，我只需要种植它们。	1
I have seen and heard plenty of cases first hand that involve individuals staying off the IRS' radar by moving around a lot or not providing them with banking info.	我亲眼看到并听到了大量案例，这些案例涉及个人通过大量移动或不向他们提供银行信息而远离 IRS 的雷达。	1
I have seen many young couples look at it but no takers.	我看到很多年轻夫妇都在看，但没有人。	2
I have seen them before but never bothered with one..	我以前见过他们，但从未被打扰过。	1
I have seen the new Avatar episodes and I know that this is not what happens, as I began this in February 2008, Part Two in March, and Part Three is still in progress.	我看过新的阿凡达剧集，我知道这不是发生的事，因为我是在 2008 年 2 月开始的，第二部分是在 3 月，第三部分仍在进行中。	2
I have seen this done, and it results in people getting into codependent or controlling relationships, without knowing what they were in for.	我已经看到这种情况发生了，它导致人们在不知道他们的目的的情况下建立了相互依存或控制的关系。	2
I have since purchased a home and lost it in a foreclosure and knowing what a stressful time it was I want to help people in same situation.	后来我买了一个房子，在一个赎回的过程中失去了它，我知道我想要帮助处于同样情况的人是多么紧张的时刻。	2
I have some complimentary tickets to an amazing Jazz Holiday performance by pianist Matt Herskowitz at the Heritage Room above the Water St Cafe.	我有一些免费门票，可以在 Water St Cafe 上方的 Heritage Room 欣赏钢琴家马特 · 赫斯科维茨的爵士假日表演。	1
I have some of that emperical information and can add heaps more but time for bed.	我有一些这种荒谬的信息，除了睡觉的时间之外，还可以增加更多的时间。	1
I have some recipes I need to get on here, just need to write them up and put out.	我有一些食谱需要在这里使用，只需要写下来然后放出来就可以了。	2
I have some weeks for sale and I hope to find one of these magic buyers that want to pay me more than they could buy it somewhere else for.	我有几个星期的销售时间，我希望找到一个神奇的买家，他们想向我支付比他们可以在其他地方购买更多的钱。	2
I have stayed here on several occasions and do not hesitate to recommend.	我在这里住过几次，毫不犹豫地推荐这里。	1
I have struggled with who I want to walk me down the aisle.	我一直在与我想把我走到走道的人纠缠在一起。	2
I have tended to be a night owl my whole life (preferring to work till the wee hours and wake up late) but having kids and work responsibilities really kills the night owl.	我在整个生活中都倾向于做夜猫头鹰（喜欢工作到凌晨，然后晚醒），但有孩子和工作责任真的会杀死夜猫头鹰。	2
I have time to travel and a long list of destinations to visit, but travel experiences are much better shared.	我有时间旅行，有很多目的地可供参观，但旅行体验更好地分享。	2
I have to admit I really like starting from this place - awesome chemistry and then get to know you!	我必须承认我真的很喜欢从这个地方开始——化学很棒，然后认识你！	1
I have to admit that she was good at watching people, it was one of her many talents, one that we shared more than one joke over throughout the years.	我必须承认，她擅长观察别人，这是她的众多才干之一，我们多年来都在这里分享了不止一个笑话。	1
I have to admit that we did not completed all the tasks, but Stefan and Björn developed the best point JP used to complete and refactor.	我必须承认，我们没有完成所有任务，但 Stefan 和 Björn ö m 制定了 JP 过去完成和重新考虑的最佳点。	2
I have to admit to being shocked when I first heard about this.	我必须承认，当我第一次听到这种情况时，我感到震惊。	0
I have to ask myself why there are so many trifles...	我不得不问自己为什么会有这么多的小问题 ...	0
I have to go to another specialist for my Pain in my ear and see what they think the pain is related too before they make any Final Decisions!	我必须去另一位专家为我的耳朵带来痛苦，在他们做出最终决定之前，先看看他们认为疼痛也有什么关系！	2
I have told many of the runners who I run with and people in other occupations (such as school teachers who stay on their feet allay) about this product.	我已经告诉了许多我跑步的跑步者和其他职业的人（比如那些在脚上休息的老师）关于这种产品的信息。	2
I have to say what you thought up makes sense of what could have happened in another route.	我不得不说，你所想的是在另一条道路上可能发生的事情。	1
I have volunteered for the Walk for HAWC (Help for Abused Women and their Children) based out of the North Shore.	我自愿参加了位于北海岸的 HAWC （帮助受虐待妇女及其子女）徒步旅行。	0
I have way to many favorite books to choose just one but those two come to mind.	我有很多最喜欢的书可以选择一本，但这两本书就会想到。	2
I heard the water going into the glass and sat down at the table grateful to have a wife who doted on me.	我听到水进入玻璃杯，坐在桌子上，感谢有一位妻子对我做了手术。	2
I hear that people lose inches when they are not losing pounds.	我听说人们在不失去英镑的情况下会失去英寸。	2
I hear Thy welcome voice That calls me, Lord, to Thee For cleansing in Thy precious blood That flowed on Calvary.	我听到你的欢迎声音，叫我，主，你用你在卡尔万里上流下的宝贵血清洗你。	2
I help to organize things like that and I try to keep the membership informed on what is going on in Jefferson City.	我帮助组织这样的事情，我试图让会员了解杰斐逊城的情况。	1
I highly doubt hamas was planning on Israel launching a full scale assault on its leadership once the ceasefire expired. or maybe they did, which would be why they were trying to negotiate an extension of the ceasefire..	我非常怀疑哈马斯计划在停火到期后对其领导层发动全面攻击。或者，他们也可能这样做了，这就是他们试图谈判延长停火的原因。	1
I highly doubt that people support Murdoch and FNC to help him and those like him get richer.	我非常怀疑人们支持穆尔多克和全国妇女委员会帮助他和像他这样的人变得更富有。	1
I highly recommend it to anyone wanting a getaway weekend in the mountains.	我强烈推荐这家酒店给任何想要在山上度过周末假期的人。	1
I highly recommend these classics, both of which are in the club library.	我强烈推荐这些经典，它们都在俱乐部图书馆里。	1
I highly recommend this book for those with little to no background in Spanish and Jewish medieval history .	我强烈推荐这本书给那些对西班牙和犹太中世纪历史背景了解很少或没有背景的人。	0
I highly suggest that you do a google search on the North American Union and the Amero.	我强烈建议你用谷歌搜索北美联盟和美洲。	0
I hold his nose closed so he lets go gently and he is learning how to let go nicely on his own.	我闭上他的鼻子，让他轻轻地走，他正在学习如何让他自己走得更好。	2
I hollered and screamed for that brakeman to open the trap door.	我向那位被骗的人打了个呼号，叫他们打开陷阱门。	2
I hoped that the Germans still had a glimmer of humanity considering the way I was treated by the German workers.	我希望德国人在考虑到德国工人对待我的方式时，仍然有一丝人性。	0
I hope Matthew has his own library card.	我希望马太有自己的图书馆卡。	0
I hope my humble suggestions are worth your time and thanks for sharing your process.	我希望我的谦逊建议值得你花时间和感谢你分享你的过程。	2
I hope she can see how much he cares.	我希望她能看到他的关心程度。	0
I hope she decides YES, I want her to be with our favorite Viking forever!	我希望她决定是的，我希望她永远与我们最喜欢的维京人在一起！	2
I hope she has to stay the night with them.	我希望她能和他们一起过夜。	0
I hope someday when your daughter is all grown up she understands how hard you fought for her and what you went through.	我希望有一天，当你的女儿长大后，她能理解你为她奋斗的努力和你经历的一切。	0
I hope that Remus and Tonks can find their son again and soon.	我希望雷莫斯和托尼克斯能够一一一一一而再地找到他们的儿子。	2
I hope that this is not the case with the product that you represent.	我希望您所代表的产品不会出现这种情况。	1
I hope that you do not become disheartened while doing it.	我希望你在这样做的时候不要感到沮丧。	0
I hope that you have some more comming soon!	我希望您能很快得到更多的推荐！	0
I hope that your next chapter is just as good.	我希望你的下一章也一样好。	0
I hope that you will make the drive to the South Bay and join us for the April meeting.	我希望你能开车去南湾，参加我们 4 月的会议。	0
I hope that Ziva can pull herself together a bit and be a bit more professional.	我希望齐瓦能够把自己团结起来，变得更加专业。	1
I hope the breakup between Yuki and Kyo will perhaps end with Yuki and Benimaru perhaps and then Athena and Kyo, woot woot!	我希望 Yuki 和 Kyo 之间的分裂可能会以 Yuki 和 Benimaru 结束，然后是 Athena 和 Kyo ，哇！	2
I hope the brothers are sent to separate prisons and that they live in constant fear of their lives.	我希望这两兄弟被送往分开的监狱，他们生活在对自己生命的恐惧之中。	1
I hope things move a bit quicker between them.	我希望事情能在两者之间更快地移动。	2
I hope this all gets straightened out in the next chapter.	我希望这一切在下一章中得到解决。	1
I hope this free dating site will provide superior internet service in the worldwide.	我希望这个免费的约会网站能在全球提供优质的互联网服务。	0
I hope this series will leave you with a handful of exercises to maintain strength through your season.	我希望这一系列的训练能让你在整个赛季中保持体力。	0
I hope to make up for that this summer on my short trips local, if I can find the right one that likes to fish and play..	如果我能找到喜欢钓鱼和玩耍的人，我希望今年夏天在我的当地短途旅行中弥补这一不足。	1
I hope to see you again at meetup!	我希望在见面时再次见到您！	1
I hope to start my own business in the near future and would be interested in purchasing some of your plastic products for my retail business.	我希望在不久的将来开始我自己的业务，并有兴趣为我的零售业务购买一些塑料产品。	1
I hope you all got your free passes to the next dance.	我希望大家都能获得下一场舞蹈的免费入场券。	0
I hope you continue writing and maybe even go beyond fanfic- just because your new characters were so great!	我希望你能继续写作，甚至超越幻想——只是因为你的新角色太棒了！	1
I hope you have a hard time sleeping at night.	我希望你在晚上睡得很不好。	0
I hope you stick around and decide to give it another go down the road.	我希望你能坚持下去，决定让它再走一条路。	1
I hugged him back fiercely, and then he left without another word.	我猛烈地将他拥抱回来，然后他离开了，没有另一句话。	1
I imagine the aborigines of Australia and the native population of north and south America would dispute your claim that decentralized societies are more difficult to conquer or control.	我想澳大利亚的原住民和北美和南美的原住民会对你关于分散社会更难征服或控制的说法提出异议。	0
I immediately began to figure out how in the world I could take summer school, accept the internship, bike for Bike and Build, and staff PWILD.	我立即开始了解我在世界上如何能够学暑期学校，接受实习，骑自行车和建造，以及工作人员 PWILD 。	2
I I must confess, the morning after the shooting is a bit of a blur for me now.	我… 承认，枪击后的早晨对我来说有点模糊。	0
I intend to remake this better, and include Tigerclaw and Ravenpaw into it.	我打算把这件事做得更好，把蒂格拉夫和拉文波纳入其中。	1
I intend to write my final essay on scientific investigation into the benefits of visualisation exercises.	我打算写最后一篇关于科学调查的论文，论述视觉化练习的好处。	1
I joined teams in school and never got to play.	我在学校加入了团队，但从未去玩。	1
I joined the same RC club I had been in during the late 1950s.	我加入了我在 20 世纪 50 年代末加入的同一个 RC 俱乐部。	1
I jumped a bit just as he was standing up, about to sit back down in the boat.	当他站起来的时候，我跳了一会儿，准备坐在船上。	2
I just found out about the DIY Trunk Show here in Chicago.	我刚刚了解了芝加哥 DIY Trunk Show 的相关信息。	0
I just have a hard time thinking that Mattie will be able to fool Arthur the whole time.	我很难想到 Mattie 会一直欺骗 Arthur 。	0
I just heard she has a new book, The Girl Who Chased the Moon due to be released by Bantam next May.	我刚刚听说她有一本新书，那是一个追逐月球的女孩，她将于明年 5 月被 Bantam 释放。	2
I just hope they fix the MAKO driving sequences because they are just plain terrible.	我只是希望他们能修复 MAKO 的驾驶序列，因为它们只是简单的可怕。	2
I just joined and very interested in sharing ideas and recipes related to health and nutirtion.	我刚刚加入了这一行列，非常有兴趣分享与健康和营养有关的想法和方案。	0
I just love it when authors put up so much thought and attention in to their stories!	当作者对自己的故事进行了如此多的思考和关注时，我就会爱上它！	1
I just need to come up with the money, as it is a big piece and very important to me so Im gonna spring for a good artist I trust but costs a little more.	我只需要拿出钱，因为这是一件大作品，对我来说非常重要，所以我要为一个我信任的好艺术家而春天，但花费更多。	0
I just printed off my label sheet and added a matching snowflake to coordinate with the rest of my ensemble.	我刚刚打印了标签纸，添加了一个匹配的雪花，与我的整体的其他部分协调。	1
I just thought that you had set up so many great opportunities for sequels though, hinting at a university at Radiant Garden and such...	我只是想你已经为续集创造了这么多的机会，暗示着在 Radianet Garden 的一所大学这样 ...	2
I just wanted to get you girls thoughs on it..	我只是想让你的女孩们思考这个问题。。。	0
I just wanted you to know that I appreciated it.	我只是想让你知道我很欣赏它。	0
I just want things to be like they were before – maybe even actually be friends?	我只是想让事情像以前一样——也许甚至是真正的朋友？	1
I just wondering if prolasped cervix is uncomfortably sticking out can you push it up alittle or can this damage something?	我只是想知道，如果激光化的子宫颈不能舒适地伸出来，你能把它拉得更脆，还是这样会造成什么伤害？	2
I just wonder what God thinks about it.	我只是想知道神对它的看法。	0
I keep mentoning the Auroville transport service because I have extensive experience with drivers pushing their own agenda, some telling stories how they need to go home and whatever.	我一直在指导奥罗维尔的交通服务，因为我对司机推动他们自己的日程有着丰富的经验，有些人讲述他们回家的需要和其他事情。	2
I kinda got lost in my point making for this video.	我有点迷失在我为这段视频做点的过程中。	2
I kind of lost touch with the story because of school and all but I just read all 29 chapters in one sitting.	我对这一故事有点不了解，因为学校和所有的事情，但我只是在一次会议上阅读了所有 29 章。	2
I kind of want to either go out in th enxt few days or something along those lines and try and kick those off again.	我想要么在几天内出去，要么沿着这条路线走，再尝试一下。	0
I knelt down on the other side of him and reached my hand out to place it on his shoulder.	我在他的另一边下了跪，把手伸向他的肩上。	1
I knew all three of them are going to receive letters from Hogwarts because Rad told me his parents were wizards, but they are already dead so he had to find ways to survive.	我知道这三个人都将收到霍格沃茨的来信，因为拉德告诉我，他的父母是向导，但他们已经死了，所以他不得不寻找生存的方法。	2
I knew if I ate the flour and milk or cheese that I would never get well.	我知道如果我吃了面粉，牛奶或奶酪，我永远不会吃得好。	2
I knew in my head that business is business, and it seemed futile to hope Sherry would ever be here.	我在头脑中知道，商业是商业，希望雪莉永远在这里似乎是徒劳的。	2
I knew it had been a stupid request as soon as it left my mouth.	我知道这是一个愚蠢的要求，一离开我的嘴就知道了。	2
I knew I wanted to get into movies when I sat down with a bowl of popcorn and watched a serial with my Dad , and we both became these eight year old boys.	当我坐下来吃一碗爆米花，和爸爸一起看一个串行时，我知道我想去看电影，我们都成了这八岁的男孩。	2
I knew I would like teaching the little ones.	我知道我想教那些小孩子们。	0
I knew that it would because by this time my research on the Internet pointed to dystonia.	我知道这是因为我这次在互联网上的研究指向了消化不良。	1
I knew that L had outed Raiot one way or another.	我知道 L 曾以某种方式向 Raiot 喊话。	1
I knew that one day I will become a professional athlete but I just did not know what kind of sport I would be doing.	我知道有一天我会成为一名专业运动员，但我只是不知道我会做什么运动。	1
I knew where to start each day by where we had finished the day before.	我知道从我们在前一天结束的时候开始每天的工作。	2
I know a lot of people have trained themselves to be blind this way, and there is nothing wrong with that.	我知道很多人都是这样训练自己去做盲人，这是没有什么问题的。	0
I know God is not in favor of us missing out on any of the blessings that he has in store for us.	我知道神不赞成我们错过他为我们所作的任何祝福。	1
I know if there is a problem with a programme with Microsoft you get a message asking if you want to report the error.	我知道 Microsoft 的程序是否有问题，您会收到一条消息，询问您是否要报告错误。	2
I know my promise from the pervious chapter and I am sorry for not keeping it.	我知道我在上一章中的承诺，很抱歉没有兑现。	0
I know my scammer was never in Denmark thanks to IP addresses, but at least my confusion is gone now.	我知道我的诈骗者从不在丹麦，这要归功于 IP 地址，但至少现在我的困惑已经消失了。	2
I know some of my peers have applications on their IPADS that they use to take notes when they are in a meeting on what ever.	我知道我的一些同事的 iPad 上有应用程序，他们在开会时用这些应用程序做笔记。	1
I know that each goal I achieve brings me in union with what I desire.	我知道，我实现的每一个目标都使我与我所希望的目标联合起来。	0
I know that I could make all the money in the world by purchasing your software and running my own casino.	我知道，我可以通过购买软件和经营自己的赌场来赚钱。	0
I know that product line includes related products but can someone define it for me properly so that I can tell by example what a product line is.	我知道产品线包括相关产品，但有人能为我正确定义产品线，以便我可以通过示例判断产品线是什么。	2
I know that you will have a very large number of people praying for you.	我知道你会有很多人为你祈祷。	0
I know the preceding two sentences sound a bit strange, but exactly what I was hearing on some discs.	我知道前面的两句话听起来有点奇怪，但这正是我在一些光盘上听到的。	1
I know there are several members of this list who work with and know much more than I do about training and working with guide dogs.	我知道，这份名单上有几位成员与我一起工作，对训练和与导盲犬合作的了解比我多得多。	0
I know there is a reference to two sisters but that is according to Allah who appeared 500 years after Jesus died.	我知道有人提到两个姐妹，但根据真主的说法，他是在耶稣死了 500 年后出现的。	2
I know there were other people living there.	我知道还有其他人住在那里。	0
I know what I want and I am quite stubborn about getting it.	我知道我想要什么，我很难获得。	1
I know what I want in man and that will be my next topic of discussion.	我知道我想在人身上得到什么，这将是我的下一个讨论主题。	1
I know what you said about false hope as well.	我也知道你对虚假希望所说的话。	1
I know you are going to be one of the strongest Saiyans ever.	我知道你将成为最强大的赛义亚人之一。	0
I know you want to ask me about everything that happened the past fifteen months.	我知道你想问我过去 15 个月发生的一切。	0
I laughed at some of the deaths but the baby seal hit to the head had me in stitchs.	我笑了其中的一些死亡，但被击中头部的婴儿印章使我缝了起来。	2
I laughed within the first minute, and by the end of the video I was laughing uncontrollably.	我在第一分钟就笑了，视频结束时，我不能控制地笑了。	0
I let her go, supporting her with one arm, and pulled up the hem of my shirt.	我让她走了，用一只胳膊支撑着她，把我的衬衫的下摆拉起来。	0
I let him be for a moment as I set the towel on the counter and walked away.	当我把毛巾放在柜台上并走开的时候，我让他走了一会儿。	2
I let lose a small sight as I watched the humans flee of around the corner.	当我看到人类在角落里逃跑时，我让我看了一眼。	2
I let the sword drop to the floor and sat down.	我让剑落到地上，坐下来。	2
I lifted minimal amounts of weights using a pulley system to strengthen my arms.	我使用滑轮系统提升了最小重量，以加强我的手臂。	1
I lifted once and did abs once during the week.	我举了一次，在一周内做了一次 ABS 。	2
I like being close to you physically and emotionally.	我喜欢在身体和情感上与您保持亲密接触。	0
I like cops on a personal level, and I respect them on a professional level.	我喜欢个人层面的拖把，并且在专业层面上尊重他们。	2
I liked how it went back and explained what happened earlier.	我喜欢它的回归，并解释了早些时候发生的事情。	2
I liked the fact that is was so different from her others.	我喜欢这一事实，因为它与她的其他人是如此不同。	2
I liked this book better than Marley & Me because there is more of a reason to write a book about Dewey, who had an unusual life and gained fame as far away as Japan.	我比 Marley & Me 更喜欢这本书，因为有更多的理由写一本关于 Dewey 的书， Dewey 有着不同寻常的生活，并在遥远的日本获得了声望。	1
I liked this sad Makoto and how Haruka just sort of confused him and pushed him into his own whims.	我喜欢这个悲伤的马科托，以及哈鲁卡如何把他弄糊涂，把他推入他自己的鞭子里。	2
I like how someone always willing to help.	我喜欢有人总是愿意提供帮助。	0
I like how they are soft and gentle with each other but also not straying too far from the characters we see on the screen.	我喜欢他们之间的温柔和温柔，但也不会与我们在屏幕上看到的人物太远。	2
I like how you create this intimate mood with almost zero dialogue.	我喜欢你创造这种亲密的气氛，几乎没有对话。	1
I like it better with her just being herself, since if she and Josan got married, she would loose all of her power over Makai and I've noticed that Lilith has been neglected by her.	我更喜欢她自己，因为如果她和乔山结婚，她将失去对马凯的所有权力，我注意到，莉莉斯被她忽视了。	1
I like plays, I am content to be at home working around the house on the weekend.	我喜欢戏剧，我很想在周末在家工作。	0
I like sports and love hanging out with friends.	我喜欢运动，喜欢和朋友一起闲逛。	0
I like that it has two cup holders that can be hidden if needed.	我喜欢它有两个杯托，如果需要，可以隐藏。	1
I like that the story seems to go deeper than your typical Manga.	我喜欢这个故事似乎比你典型的漫画更深。	2
I like the dynamic between Hawke and Fenris, its believablely awkward and romantic.	我喜欢霍克和芬里斯之间的动态，它令人难以置信的尴尬和浪漫。	2
I like the story and could appreciate the stress of war and the human side of it.	我喜欢这个故事，也能欣赏到战争的压力和战争的人性。	0
I like the Stubby lathe which I often use at the CAW skill sessions.	我喜欢在 CAW 技能课程中经常使用的短柄车床。	0
I like the style he put in the pilot, the mood of the characters and the sequence gets you all hook up.	我喜欢他在飞行员中的风格，角色的情绪和顺序让你都能挂起来。	2
I like this chapter as well as your notes at the end.	我喜欢这一章以及你最后的笔记	2
I like to meet people who are like minded and enjoy being active!	我喜欢结识那些志同道合，喜欢积极参与的人！	0
I like to see the results of my handiwork.	我喜欢看到我的手工作品的结果。	1
I like to see through the modern society and get to grips with my inner animal from time to time.	我喜欢透过现代社会，不时地掌握我的内动物。	2
I like to share my perspective about everything from my dogs to my local food journeys to my adventures around town to my travels throughout the world.	我喜欢分享我对一切的观点，从我的狗，我的当地美食之旅，到我在镇上的冒险之旅，再到我在世界各地的旅行。	1
I like waking up to find that the trees look like God sprinkled powdered sugar on them, just a light dusting, nothing overwhelming.	我喜欢醒来发现树看起来像上帝在树上撒了糖粉，只是一个轻而不是压倒性的。	2
I like your style and i love the plot of the story.	我喜欢你的风格，也喜欢故事情节。	2
I listened to that a lot while writing.	我在写文章时听了很多。	0
I listened with keen interest as the children argued to settle on one of answers.	我怀着极大的兴趣听取了孩子们的意见，他们主张解决其中一个问题。	1
I live downtown until the spring then I'm moving to Mt Pleasant when the house is finished.	我一直住在市中心，直到春天，然后我搬到芒特普莱森特，当房子完工的时候。	2
I live in North Hollywood so I would like to visit tea houses in the valley area.	我住在北好莱坞，所以我想参观山谷地区的茶馆。	0
I live out in Central New Jersey so typically I drive to the stadium and park in a lot.	我住在新泽西中部，所以通常我开车去体育场，停车很多。	1
I'll go out on a limb and predict that the last word has yet to be written.	我会在一条肢体上预测最后一个词还没有被写出来。	2
Illnesses or research scientists have conspired to deliver prescription.	疾病或研究科学家共谋实施处方。	2
I'll never forget we got our first house in the neighborhood.	我永远不会忘记，我们在附近找到了第一座房子。	1
I'll post another video showing how I made all of the decorations (if anyone is interested).	我将发布另一个视频，展示我如何制作所有装饰（如果有人感兴趣）。	1
I'll probably let two different readers do it so I can get this right till I can do it myself.	我可能会让两个不同的读者做这件事，这样我就可以做到这一点，直到我自己做为止。	2
I'll send you a finished copy of my screenplay in the next few days.	我将在接下来的几天内向您发送我的剧本的完整副本。	1
Illustrations from empirical revisability again demonstrate their explanatory potential.	经验性可重访性的图解再次证明了其解释潜力。	2
I look at a lot of things differently now.	我现在对很多事情都有不同的看法。	0
I looked around and saw that I was somewhere unknown, this is the first time I dream of a place like this, it somehow looked like a destroyed village, almost like Konoha.	我四处看看，看到我是一个未知的地方，这是我第一次梦想这样的地方，它看起来像一个被摧毁的村庄，几乎像 Konoha 。	2
I looked back at the older responses, and I am aware of the requirements and time it will take for him to obtain a visa.	我回顾了以前的答复，我知道他获得签证的要求和时间。	0
I looked back up to see Kendall and Logan smile at me.	我回头看肯德尔和洛根对我的微笑。	1
I looked down as I heard the fond the fond gestures being exchanged between everyone in the room.	当我听到房间里每个人都在交换美好的手势时，我就往下看了。	2
I looked down at Nathan and kicked him in the arm, making him let go of me.	我看着弥敦，把他踢在手臂上，让他离开我。	2
I looked down at the vents lid and wasted no time to get out of the rain.	我向下看了通风口盖，没有浪费时间走出雨。	2
I looked down to see half a dozen creatures at the bottom of the ladder.	我往下看，在梯子底部看到了六个生物。	0
I looked to Garrus who seemed to be thinking the same thing I was, so I said it out loud.	我看着加鲁士，他似乎在想我的东西，所以我大声地说了出来。	2
I looked up at Harry then back down at Voldemort.	我抬头看哈里，然后又回到沃尔德沃特。	0
I looked up him and saw him looking down at me in concern.	我抬头看着他，看到他向下看着我。	1
I look forward to every chapter and get super excited when I get the new chapter alert.	我期待每一个章节，当我收到新章节的警示时，我会感到超级兴奋。	1
I look forward to greeting you at our log palace.	我期待着在我们的木宫迎接你。	1
I look forward to hearing netbeans more powerful.	我期待着听到 NetBeans 更强大的声音。	1
I look forward to listening to ideas from the new leaders of Congress on the best way to support our troops on the front lines -- and win the war on terror.	我期待着倾听国会新领导人关于支持前线部队的最佳方式的想法，并赢得反恐战争。	0
I look forward to our get together next Thur.	我期待着我们在下个星期四聚在一起。	0
I look forward to reading more and I hope that you never experience such a calamity ever again.	我期待着阅读更多的内容，我希望你永远不会再经历这样的灾难。	1
I look forward to receiving my promo code so as I can place my next order - a dress for those more formal occasions.	我期待收到我的促销代码，以便我可以下一个订单 - 为那些更正式的场合准备一件服装。	1
I look forward to seeing you at our May meeting.	我期待着在我们的五月会议上见到你。	1
I look forward to seeing your new gallery space.	我期待您的新画廊空间。	1
I look forward to working with you and your students!	我期待与您和您的学生合作！	0
I look through the window and see desert.	我透过窗户看沙漠。	1
I lost a child to them some years back.	几年前，我失去了一个孩子。	0
I love an article that makes me giggle and makes me hungry at the same time.	我喜欢一篇让我笑起来同时又让我饿着肚子的文章。	1
I love chevy trucks but the bodies and frames just dont hold up.	我喜欢用雪车，但身体和框架不能保持。	2
I loved her change in thoughts, from wondering how she could have won anything by any stretch of imagination to realising that at least she has Finnick and someone to hold onto.	我很喜欢她的想法变化，从她想知道她怎么能通过任何想象力赢得任何东西，到意识到她至少有芬克和其他人可以坚持。	1
I loved how the three women ganged up on the men.	我很喜欢这三个女人如何与男人拼合。	2
I love dip in dots too. they are very good. but the got nothing on this story!	我也很喜欢滴水，它们都很好，但这一故事没有得到任何东西！	2
I loved the content like anything and gained a lot of knowledge.	我喜欢这些内容，并获得了很多知识。	0
I loved the performances here, particularly from Harrison Ford and Julia Ormond.	我喜欢这里的表演，特别是来自哈里森 · 福特和朱莉娅 · 奥蒙德的表演。	0
I loved the sibling bonding with Tai and Kari.	我喜欢与泰和卡里的兄弟关系。	0
I loved the way that the four of them handled the Parker situation like adults instead of the way it is frequently handled on the show.	我喜欢他们中的四个人像成年人一样处理帕克情况的方式，而不是在表演中经常处理的方式。	1
I loved you and I and I really hope there will be some more development for the both of us.	我爱你，我真的希望我们双方都能有更多的发展。	1
I love Eames to bits, and with Ariadne they make a lot of sense.	我爱 Eames 对 BITS ，而他们对 Ariadne 很有道理。	2
I love helping people in every possible way that I can.	我喜欢以一切可能的方式帮助他人。	0
I love how perceptive you are to the emotional aspects of this romance and how you so wonderfully portray and express it.	我喜欢你对这种浪漫的情感方面有多深刻，以及你如此精彩地描绘和表达这种浪漫。	1
I love how you can come up with the BEST lines that are just so totally awesome!	我很喜欢你能找到最棒的队伍，简直太棒了！	1
I love how you put the story together!	我喜欢你把故事放在一起的方式！	1
I love how you stayed true to their characters!	我喜欢你忠于他们的角色！	1
I love how you think out side of the box, this was fantastic sub plot.	我喜欢你的思维方式，这是一个奇妙的副图。	2
I love how you worked lexi in there, and the parents looking after her.	我喜欢你在那里工作的方式，也喜欢父母照顾她。	1
I love learning from others and expanding my knowledge of business techniques.	我喜欢向他人学习，并拓展我的业务技巧知识。	0
I love photography and started my own company in Nov of 2012.	我热爱摄影，并于 2012 年 11 月创办了我自己的公司。	0
I love that Alfred thought Ivan was the moon.	我喜欢艾尔弗雷德认为伊凡是月球。	2
I love that she keeps Jarod on his toes and guessing.	我很喜欢她让 Jarod 一直在他的脚趾上并猜中。	2
I love the end with Taylor and Troy.	我喜欢泰勒和特洛伊的结局。	0
I love the feeling of when my house looks awesome, and when my countertops and floors gleam like the top of the Chrysler Building.	当我的房子看起来很棒，当我的台面和地板像克莱斯勒大厦的顶部时，我喜欢这种感觉。	0
I love the focus of the group and hope to attend many more events.	我喜欢团队的专注，希望能参加更多活动。	1
I love the idea of a photo project like this!	我喜欢像这样的照片项目的想法！	2
I love the little kid though, and I stuck with him, even when he told me that he loved me most.	虽然我爱这个小孩儿，但我和他在一起，即使他告诉我他最爱我。	2
I love the one of my granddaughter and I will be back for more.	我爱我的孙女之一，我还会再来的。	2
I love the outdoors &amp; there are many things I want to try.	我喜欢户外活动，有很多我想尝试的东西。	0
I love the outdoors, love a good adventure and enjoy being around people who are game for anything.	我喜欢户外活动，喜欢一次很好的冒险，喜欢和那些喜欢玩任何东西的人一起玩耍。	1
I love the sensuality and performance side of this amazing art form and would hate to see it lose all association with the industry that it came from.	我喜欢这种令人惊叹的艺术形式的感官和表演，并且不愿意看到它失去了与它所来自的行业的所有联系。	0
I love the shape and it is comfortable to carry around and extremely light weight.	我喜欢这种形状，携带舒适，重量极轻。	0
I love the way the wallpaper is cracked and peeling away, and I especially love how it looks like the creepy scratchy drawings were already under there, just waiting to get out.	我喜欢墙纸破裂和剥落的方式，我特别喜欢它的样子，它看起来像令人毛骨悚然的刮擦的画已经在那里，只是等着出去。	1
I love the way Toby just kissed her and then she had no clue why, but she made out with him.	我喜欢托比亲吻她的方式，然后她不知道为什么，但她和他一起做了。	1
I love to explore this specific eco friendly site for fashioned clothes.	我喜欢探索这一独特的生态友好的地方，寻找时尚的衣服。	1
I love to read and I review all the time!	我喜欢阅读，我一直在评论！	1
I love to see technology improve but it hurts to know a video card you paid hundreds of dollars for can no longer meet minimum specs.	我喜欢看到技术的进步，但很不高兴知道一张你花了数百美元的显卡已经不能满足最低规格要求。	1
I love using them as examples of what not to do and also as positive reinforcement for my children.	我喜欢用它们作为不该做什么的例子，也喜欢作为对我的孩子的积极加强。	2
I love you as much I love Alex and any future children we have.	我爱你，也爱亚历克斯和我们未来的孩子。	1
I love you because you are a good man.	我爱你，因为你是个好人。	0
I'm actaully following my dream and making the whole career of it a reality, so I've really got no reason not to call myself an otaku, since I generally fit every definition of the word.	我一直在认真地遵循我的梦想，并使整个事业成为现实，所以我真的没有理由不把自己称为一个“ otaku ”，因为我通常都适合这个词的每个定义。	1
I made some cool flash cards to teach Cooper some new words and Carter reads the letters underneath all the pictures.	我制作了一些很酷的闪存卡来教 Cooper 一些新词，卡特读了所有照片下面的字母。	2
I made them move back in together and by looking through memories I found out story progression made VJ die of electrocution.	我让他们回到一起，通过回顾回忆，我发现故事的进展使 VJ 死于电击。	1
I made the trip to the big city today for some other reasons and ended up at Office Max.	今天我去大城市旅行的原因还有其他一些，最后我来到了 Office Max 。	2
Images attached are awaiting approval based on usage rights, but are included in the ticket for testing purposes.	附加的图像正在等待根据使用权限的批准，但包含在标签中以供测试。	0
Imaginative stories and games also were very much a part of my childhood.	富有想象力的故事和游戏也是我童年的一部分。	0
Imagine accessing any information about your estate just by clicking the site or building even on your tablet or mobile device!	想象一下，只需单击网站或建筑物即可访问您的资产的任何信息，即使是在平板电脑或移动设备上也是如此！	1
Imagine an Imam speaking at the Republican convention.	想象一下一位伊玛目在共和党大会上的发言。	1
Imagine, before if we have no electricity I only used a candle to study.	想象一下，以前如果我们没有电，我只用蜡烛来学习。	1
Imagine if Magic did a total revamp and made all the cards incompatible.	想象一下万智牌是否做了彻底的改造，使所有的牌都不相容。	1
Imagine if you double the number of prisoners how would they handle it out there in Hr,.	想象一下，如果你把囚犯人数增加一倍，他们将如何在人力资源部门处理这一问题。	1
Imagine the kind of adults these youth would become if they were provided with learning experiences that value peace, compassion, justice, sustainability, appreciation of diversity, and the living of an authentic and meaningful life.	想象一下，如果为这些年轻人提供了重视和平，同情，正义，可持续性，对多样性的理解以及真实和有意义的生活的学习经验，他们将成为什么样的成年人。	1
Imagine what can happen if everyone shared that at once and projected it to our dying planet?	想象一下，如果每个人同时分享并将其投射到我们即将死去的地球上，会发生什么？	2
Imagine what you could shoplift and hide under these clothes and be certain not to be challenged in case, as seems usual, offence is caused and racist remarks are thrown.	想象一下，你可以在这些衣服下偷东西，隐藏什么，并确保不会像往常一样受到质疑，因为犯罪是造成的，种族主义言论也被抛出。	2
Imagining that the Internet will allow teachers to do less work.	想象一下，互联网将允许教师减少工作。	1
I'm all for cultural influence but what does the accident of being a majority have to do with truth?	我都是为了文化影响，但作为一个多数人的意外与真相有什么关系？	2
I'm also anxious to work with Lethal Brand them cats are straight animals on the mic.	我还渴望与致命品牌合作。它们的猫是麦克风上的直动物。	2
I mapped out the distance from Mineral Bottom to the top of Shaffer to be around 22 miles.	我把从 Mineral Bottom 到 Shaffer 顶部的距离描绘为 22 英里左右。	0
Im a vegiterian so i really dont like thinking of any dead animals, way to many have already died.	我是一个素食主义者，所以我真的不喜欢任何死动物，很多人已经死了。	2
I may give it a hard time because it reminds me petite European man in flamboyant attire. but Piaget makes nice looking watches.	我可能会给它一个困难的时间，因为它让我想起了穿着华丽服装的欧洲小男人。但皮亚吉做了好看的手表。	2
I may go on some sort of medication and try to get my body stronger and functioning - use natural at the same time.	我可能会服用某种药物，并试图让我的身体变得更强，更好地发挥作用 - 同时使用天然药物。	0
I may not agree with his suggestion to stop SAP but to improve on it, I would not even consider his words in that form of provocative train of thought.	我可能不同意他的建议，即停止 SAP ，而是改进它，我甚至不会以这种挑衅性的思维方式来考虑他的言论。	1
I may not know what the PS3 is offering to the software table, but Microsoft looks to soon have an amazing year, if they aren t already.	我可能不知道 PS3 为软件表提供了什么，但如果他们还没有做好准备， Microsoft 希望很快能有一个了不起的一年。	2
I may not love him like how he would wish me too but I was actually happy.	我可能不喜欢他也希望我的样子，但实际上我很高兴。	2
I'm battening down the walls of my bubble but I'm really trying hard not to lose sight of the fact that I am not alone in this chair.	我正在压下泡沫的墙壁，但我真的在努力，不要忘记我不是在这张椅子上孤单的事实。	2
I'm beginning to prepare a dream list of what I would plant and would want to stay away from something seemingly tender and prone to the affects.	我开始准备一份梦想清单，列出我将种植的植物，并希望远离看似温和且容易受到影响的东西。	1
I'm currently googling to see if I can come up with another review minus all the ranting.	我现在正在谷歌看看我是否能提出另一条评论，而不是所有的牧场。	2
I'm currently making use of Wordpress for a couple of of my web sites but looking to change one of them above to a platform similar to yours like a trial run.	我目前正在使用 Wordpress 的几个网站，但我希望将其中一个网站更改为与您类似的平台，如试用版。	2
I mean, I am pretty sure that is the way most Americans want things to be.	我的意思是，我很确定这是大多数美国人想要的。	0
I mean I use to think people were wrong when they said boys just want to fight and have sex, but now I believe them.	我的意思是，当他们说男孩只是想打斗和性交时，我曾经认为人们是错的，但现在我相信他们。	0
I mean really do you think Super Woman learned all her tricks in one day?	我的意思是你真的认为超级女人在一天内学会了所有的技巧吗？	0
I mean, what makes it worth the while to get out of bed and do it to death every day?	我的意思是，什么使它值得花时间走出床上，每天都要死？	2
I mean why does Edward have to end up not having alchemy?!	我的意思是为什么爱德华不得不最终没有炼金术？！	2
I mean would they ever interfere with Hades decisions?	我的意思是他们是否会干预 Hades 的决策？	1
I mean your joints will be better and ecdysterone has healing effect on whole body.	我的意思是你的关节会更好，湿硬酮会对整个身体产生愈合作用。	2
I mention Luis Milla because his case was a lot more serious than this win bonus.	我提到路易斯 · 米拉是因为他的案例比这一获胜奖金要严重得多。	1
I merely stated that we should not be citing them when we have not actually read them.	我只是说，我们在没有实际阅读这些评论时不应该引用这些评论。	1
I met a priest in Munich who is now my superior here in the United States.	我在慕尼黑见到了一位神父，他现在是我在美国的上司。	1
I met him for the first time on Radio London.	我第一次在伦敦电台见到他。	1
I met this guy about a year ago at this little grocery store place near my house...	大约一年前我在我家附近的这家小杂货店遇到了这个家伙 ...	0
I'm excited about any opportunity to learn more about the various aspects of software development and design.	我很高兴有机会进一步了解软件开发和设计的各个方面。	0
I'm getting excited to see Dean get back to Lizzy and put Humpty Sammy back together again.	我很高兴看到迪恩回到丽兹，让汉普蒂 · 萨米再次回到一起。	1
Im Glad both Reggie and Tigger finally see the light.	我很高兴雷吉和蒂格最终看到了光。	1
I'm glad to get out the house for a while and spend some quality time with my friends.	我很高兴走出家门一段时间，与我的朋友共度一些高质量的时光。	2
I'm hoping we can just get 14 seats set aside and we can pay on the night!	我希望我们只需留出 14 个座位，我们就可以在晚上支付费用！	1
I might add I am ready to engage with the same seriousness and playfulness all the other propositions in his list.	我可以补充一点，我准备以同样严肃和有趣的态度对待他的清单上的所有其他主张。	1
I might have a simple solution for you.	我可能会为您提供一个简单的解决方案。	0
I might just have to go out and purchase that book!	我可能只需要出去买那本书！	0
I might start on a Resevoir Dogs fic I've been playing around with for about a year too so, yeah...	我可能会从一只与我一起玩了大约一年的 Resevoir 狗开始，对了 ...	1
Imi Knoebel repeatedly refers to artistic movements from the past.	IMI Knoebel 多次提到过去的艺术运动。	1
I missed a lot of the episodes from that first thirteen.	我错过了头十三集的很多。	1
I'm just afraid to break stuff as these things seem to be easily broken.	我只是害怕破坏东西，因为这些东西看起来很容易被破坏。	0
I'm just going to check out some more of your fanfics!	我想看看你们的狂热分子吧！	1
I'm looking for a butt plug that is similar to the Tristan that has a bit more staying in place power.	我正在寻找一个类似于 Tristan 的对接插头，它具有更强的原位电源。	1
I'm looking forward to watching everything brought to a conclusion in the final book.	我期待着看到最后一本书中的所有结论。	2
Immediately also She was filled with new enlightenment and Divine influences, such as I have described in other places, until She reached the clear vision of the Divinity.	她立刻又充满了新的启蒙和神圣的影响，正如我在其他地方所描述的那样，直到她达到了一个明确的“ Divinity ”的愿景。	1
Immediately she felt her shoulders tense, she only got official notices from Azkaban when something had either gone horribly wrong or something terribly complicated and dramatic was about to happen.	她立刻感到肩膀紧张，只有当某件事情发生了可怕的错误，或某件极其复杂和戏剧性的事情即将发生时，才从 Azkaban 得到正式通知。	2
Immediately, the poison is siphoned up by my wand and disappears fully, leaving not even a trace behind.	立即，毒物被我的杖吸住，完全消失，甚至没有留下痕迹。	2
Immediate versus delayed loading of dental implants placed in fresh extraction sockets in the maxillary esthetic zone: a clinical comparative study.	将牙齿植入体置于上颌美容区的新鲜抽吸插座中的即时加载与延迟加载：临床比较研究。	1
I'm never going to read the books the same way again.	我再也不会以同样的方式阅读这些书了。	0
I'm not really that way I was just throwing in something from personal life into something that had nothing to do with this site.	我并不是这样，我只是把一些从个人生活中的东西扔到一些与这个地方毫无关系的东西上。	2
I'm not rich I worked paying taxes for years and I'm retired living on a modest income, Barack Hussein Obama wants that too.	我不富裕，我工作多年，缴纳税款，退休时收入微薄，奥巴马也希望这样做。	2
I'm not sure how well that marquee worked out for them, but it was a great way to get out the message!	我不知道这位 Marquee 为他们做了多好，但这是一个很好的方法来传达信息！	1
I'm not sure if Liechtenstein has an official name or not...	我不确定列支敦士登是否有官方名称 ...	0
I'm on my own personal crusade against anyone else having to deal with this.	我个人对其他人要处理这件事的斗争是在我自己的身上。	2
I more often than not fell asleep reading these chapters.	我经常不想在阅读这些章节时睡着。	1
I mostly notice it when running a small room fan in the Summer.	我在夏天的时候经常注意到这一点。	0
Implementation Considerations RSIP can be accomplished by any one of a wide range of implementation schemes.	实施注意事项 RSIP 可以通过各种实施计划中的任何一种来实现。	1
Implement restorative justice, with rehabilitation programmes to support drug users, with consideration of schemes such as needle exchanges to limit the spread of infection.	实施恢复性司法，实施支持吸毒者的康复方案，同时考虑到诸如针头交换等计划，以限制感染的传播。	0
Implement sales strategies to attain sales volume, product mix and profit objectives.	实施销售策略以实现销售量，产品组合和利润目标。	0
Implement this quick tip to love yourself skinny.	实施这一快速提示，爱自己的瘦子。	2
Implications for Rehabilitation Professionals This brief article can not possibly explore all the sexuality issues and sexuality concerns of persons with cardiac problems, but even this limited discussion illustrates the complexity of the subject.	对康复专业人员的影响这篇简短的文章不可能探讨患有心脏病的人的所有性问题和性问题，但即使这一有限的讨论也说明了这个问题的复杂性。	0
Important links are here - While filming a routine stop and search of her boyfriend on the London Underground, Gemma suddenly found herself detained, handcuffed and threatened with arrest.	这里有重要的联系——在伦敦地铁拍摄一个例行的停留和对男友的搜查时， Gemma 突然发现自己被拘留，戴上手铐并威胁要逮捕。	2
Impotence drug for prostatic hyperplasia or may both have cancer.	用于前列腺增生或都可能有癌症的不可抗药物。	2
I'm presently a senior in college working to earn a BS in Elementary Education.	我目前是大学的一名高级职员，在小学教育中获得学士学位。	2
I'm pretty much open to whatever the couple is looking for.	我对这对夫妇所寻找的一切都非常开放。	2
Improved capacity in selected countries for framing policy on prevention of violence and injury or on managing disabilities.	某些国家制定预防暴力和伤害政策或管理残疾政策的能力得到提高。	1
Improved skills in gender analysis and mainstreaming Enhanced participation and commitment to gender issues and in identifying and addressing GBV in refugee communities and UNHCR Programme activities.	在性别分析和主流化方面的技能得到提高对性别问题的参与和承诺得到加强，在难民社区和难民署方案活动中发现和解决基于性别的暴力。	1
Improving our national prospects is a tough topic and it would take a lot longer than the allotted time to debate.	改善我们的国家前景是一个艰难的课题，它将需要比分配的辩论时间长得多。	1
Im really sorry to hear this i do believe you its the way it is half of the time.	我真的很遗憾听到这个消息，我相信你的方式是一半时间。	2
I'm sick of waiting and waiting to be Maid Of Honor at my best friends' wedding.	在我最好的朋友的婚礼上，我已经厌倦了等待和等待成为荣誉的人。	2
Im sorting out things and may be joining Albee.	我正在整理事情，可能正在加入阿尔比。	2
I'm so tired and cold, the only thing that was warm was this trickling that ran down my forehead and when i reached to touch it, blood smeared my finger tips.	我又累又冷，唯一的温暖是我的前额下了这一滴滴水，当我触碰它时，我的指尖上有血渍。	1
I'm starting to see things and be able to react and play as fast as I can.	我开始看到事情，能够尽快做出反应和发挥作用。	1
Im starting to think everybody deserves to be picky when it comes to matters of the heart.	我开始认为每个人都应该在涉及核心问题时都要挑剔。	1
I'm still holding out some hope for it happening the actual show.	我仍然对实际的表演抱有希望。	1
I'm still reserving judgement on this movie until I see a trailer.	在看到预告片之前，我仍在保留对这部电影的判断。	1
I'm sure the kinds of problems you speak of permeate all levels of schooling in our state.	我相信你所说的问题会渗透到我们国家的各个层次的教育中。	0
I'm taking it to the shop Monday to have it checked.	我周一将其带至商店进行检查。	1
I'm talking about the leaders that choose to pick fights with each other over silly things.	我所说的是那些选择在愚蠢的事情上互相打架的领导人。	1
I'm teaching undergraduate algebra this year using the book by Artin.	我今年用阿尔坦的书教授本科代数。	1
I'm thinking about writing my own fanfic, my family all says I have a great talent for writing.	我想写自己的狂热，我的家人都说我有一个伟大的写作天赋。	1
I'm tired of stepping in poo and having our garden and yard messed up.	我已经厌倦了在粪便中步进，我们的花园和院子被弄得一团糟。	2
I must challenge them when they decide to run, that none of them would have done what he did.	当他们决定跑步时，我必须挑战他们，他们中没有一人会做他所做的事。	1
I must confess that this ordeal has left me in disbelieve with the amount of incompetence Bell Canada hires for their customer service.	我必须承认，这种折磨让我对加拿大贝尔公司为客户服务而雇用的不称职员工的数量感到不相信。	1
I must have had some knowledgeable look on my face because he restarted with his lecture.	我一定对我的脸有一些了解，因为他重新开始演讲。	1
I must keep my hot bloodedness under control.	我必须控制我的热心胸。	2
I must say that your first chapter is great with catching attention!	我必须指出，你的第一章很棒，引起了人们的注意！	0
I must say this series had exceeded my expectations.	我必须说，这一系列的活动超出了我的预期。	0
I'm wondering if the SSRIs should occupy the same general section of the chart as bupropion (and bump bupropion and diethylpropion further to the left of that section).	我想知道 SSRIs 是否应该占据与 bupropion 相同的总表部分（并在该部分的左侧进一步撞击 bupropion 和 diethylpropion ）。	1
In 1603 it was the first town to welcome him to his new kingdom of England, and one of his first acts was to confirm its ancient charter.	1603 年，这是第一个欢迎他来到新英格兰王国的城市，他的第一个行动之一是确认其古老的宪章。	2
In 1857 he sold his business and purchased land on the alluvial soils of 'Browns Plains', a rich strip of ground that runs roughly west to the south east corner of Rutherglen.	1857 年，他出售了自己的生意，并在“布朗斯平原”的冲积土壤上购买了土地，这是一个丰富的土地地带，大约向西延伸到 Rutherglen 的东南角。	1
In 1892 Johnson began to participate in professional recitals so that she could earn money to pay for the publication of her first book of poetry.	1892 年，约翰逊开始参加专业朗诵会，这样她就可以赚钱来支付她出版第一本诗歌书的费用。	1
In 1958, retired dancer Joe Cino rented a storefront at 31 Cornelia Street in New York City 's Greenwich Village in order to open a coffeehouse in which his friends could socialize.	1958 年，退休舞蹈演员乔 · 奇诺在纽约市格林尼治村康尼利亚街 31 号租了一个店面，以便开设一个咖啡馆，让他的朋友可以在里面社交。	1
In 1967 Achebe cofounded a publishing company at Enugu with the poet Christopher Okigbo.	1967 年， Achebe 与诗人 Christopher Okigbo 在 Enugu 共同创建了一家出版公司。	1
In 1975 the need to provide a more informal space within the church was met by the creation of the FELLOWSHIP AREA beneath the gallery at the west end of the nave.	1975 年，在教堂内提供一个更加非正式的空间的需要得到了满足，在教堂西端的画廊下面建立了研究金区。	2
In 1989, the USSR withdrew, leaving the land in ruin and the warring factions in chaotic civil war.	1989 年，苏联撤出，土地被毁，交战各派陷入混乱的内战。	0
In 1994 and 1996, a major water line expansion projects were constructed to provide water service to most of the authority service areas.	1994 年和 1996 年，建造了一个主要的供水线路扩建项目，为大多数政府服务区提供供水服务。	0
In 2001 the survey methodology changed considerably and calibrated weights were introduced (older datasets do not have calibrated weights).	2001 年，调查方法发生了重大变化，采用了经校准的加权数（旧的数据集没有经过校准的加权数）。	0
In 2003, the Environmental Protection Agency recognized the CMA program with a Friend of EPA Award.	2003 年，环境保护局以环境保护局之友奖的方式认可了 CMA 方案。	0
In 2006, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended routine testing so that infected people could get diagnosed earlier and take steps to preserve their own health and protect others.	2006 年，联邦疾病控制和预防中心建议进行例行检测，以便能够更早地诊断受感染者，并采取措施保护他们自己的健康和保护他人。	0
In a balanced diet your main component is grains.	在均衡的饮食中，您的主要成分是谷物。	1
In a certain way it does effect the correction of violations.	在某种程度上，它确实起到了纠正侵权行为的作用。	0
In a continuous reactor, the algae slurry needs to be pressurized using a pump before it is heated up to a proper temperature, The energy needed for the pump is negligible compared to the heat input.	在连续反应堆中，在将藻类粪便加热到适当温度之前，需要使用泵对其加压，与热输入相比，泵所需的能量是微不足道的。	1
In addition, companies find their capital assets and profitability heavily taxed in a number of ways and their assets vulnerable to hostile litigation and merger or takeover bids.	此外，公司发现其资本资产和盈利能力在多种方面受到严重征税，其资产容易受到敌对诉讼和兼并或收购投标的影响。	1
In addition, conference organisers are given the support of the Customer Care Manager to ensure everything about their event runs smoothly.	此外，会议组织者还得到客户服务经理的支持，以确保其活动的一切顺利进行。	0
In addition, courts have applied varying degrees of deference to legislative determinations of medical fact without any logical consistency, perhaps based on largely superficial determinations about what type of case is before it.	此外，法院对医学事实的立法裁定适用了不同程度的服从，没有任何逻辑上的一致性，也许是基于对其审理的案件类型的基本肤浅的判断。	1
In addition, he has served as assistant to the librarian at JTS, overseeing the rare book and manuscript room and is currently president of the Rabbinical Assembly, Lower Hudson Valley Region.	此外，他还担任联合技术秘书处图书馆员的助理，负责监督罕见的书籍和手稿室，目前担任下哈德逊河谷地区犹太教大会主席。	0
In addition, high quality teachers are provided to students who do not have access to a certifi ed teacher in the particular subject area.	此外，还向无法在特定学科领域获得证书的教师的学生提供高质量的教师。	2
In addition, if you list your property through us we can potentially save you commission dollars or at the very least make the commission split more attractive to outside offices.	此外，如果您通过我们列出您的财产，我们可能会为您节省佣金，或者至少使佣金拆分对外部办公室更具吸引力。	2
In addition, it requires the ability of a person through lip, tongue and muscle functi on to be able to sw allow food.	此外，它还要求一个人能够通过唇，舌和肌肉功能获得 SW 允许食品。	2
In addition keep your camcorder was and aesthetically.	此外，保持摄像机的美观。	0
In addition, lenders who used to be mostly uncooperative are now realizing that short selling properties actually benefit them.	此外，过去大多不合作的贷款人现在意识到，短期出售房地产实际上使他们受益。	1
In addition MIT has a web interface called SAPWeb which users can use for SAP requisitioning.	此外， MIT 还拥有一个名为 SAPWeb 的 Web 界面，用户可以使用该界面进行 SAP 申请。	0
In addition, the community in this case is more of a reference to the actual needs felt by and defined by the community concerned.	此外，在这种情况下，社区更多地是指有关社区感受到并确定的实际需要。	1
In addition, the Company is required by covenants within the loan documents to maintain certain financial ratios and compliance with other financial terms.	此外，贷款文件内的契约要求本公司维持若干财务比率及遵守其它财务条款。	0
In addition, the group assists families who sometimes travel long distances to visit the detainees, particularly at Camp Bucca in the southern part of the country, Krimitsas said.	克里米特萨斯说，此外，该团体还协助有时长途跋涉的家庭探访被拘留者，特别是在该国南部的布卡营地。	1
In addition, the headquarters relocated from Epinay Sur Seine to Montreuil sous Bois where it would be more accessible.	此外，总部从塞纳河的 Epinay 迁移到蒙特勒的 Sous Bois ，在那里更容易到达。	2
In addition the ongoing changes in the use of schools out of normal school hours may require a change in staffing rotas.	此外，学校在正常学校时间之外的使用情况正在发生变化，这可能需要改变人员配置。	1
In addition there is a unrivalled view over the roofs of Florence from the first floor terrace, where you can relax with a drink or sunbathe in the summer.	此外，从一楼的露台可以欣赏到佛罗伦萨的屋顶，您可以在夏天在那里喝一杯或晒日光浴。	1
In addition, the system must be able to power all of the other systems on the aircraft, including temperature regulation systems and flight systems.	此外，该系统必须能够为飞机上的所有其他系统供电，包括温度调节系统和飞行系统。	0
In addition to being a will it is a contract so cannot be amended without the consent of both parties.	除了是一项意愿之外，这是一项合同，因此未经双方同意不能修改。	1
In addition to causing discom- fort and decreased hearing, it also sets up a perfect environment for an ear infection to begin.	除了造成不安和听力下降之外，它还为开始感染耳朵提供了完美的环境。	2
In addition to counseling your child, a therapist may also suggest family therapy or parent counseling and treatment for any related conditions your child has, such as substance abuse or an eating disorder.	除了为您的孩子提供咨询外，治疗师还可以建议您的孩子在任何相关情况下接受家庭治疗或父母咨询和治疗，如药物滥用或饮食失调。	1
In addition to exploring the philosophy of knowledge, this unit explores some of the practical issues encountered throughout healthcare and will enable the student to discuss strategies for the secure management of data.	除了探索知识理念外，本单元还探讨了整个医疗保健过程中遇到的一些实际问题，并将使学生能够讨论安全管理数据的策略。	1
In addition to his academic pursuits, Bose is also a theatre practitioner.	除了他的学术追求之外， Bose 还是一名戏剧从业人员。	2
In addition to our example cartoonist database, this characteristic may be present in any application in which users create new multimedia objects.	除了我们的示例漫画家数据库之外，用户创建新多媒体对象的任何应用程序中都可能存在此特征。	0
In addition to recently broadcast material, the BBC also hopes to include more of its archive online as downloads as well.	除了最近的广播材料外， BBC 还希望将更多的在线档案作为下载内容。	0
In addition to reduced teaching load in the first semester, funds should be provided to encourage and give the new hire time to research and publish toward tenure.	除了减少第一学期的教学负担外，还应提供资金鼓励和给予新的雇用时间进行研究和出版，以争取任期。	1
In addition to reshaping the entire constitutional and institutional framework of South Africa, we passed profound and comprehensive legislative reforms in each and every field of government and civil society.	除了重塑南非的整个宪法和体制框架外，我们还在政府和民间社会的每个领域进行了深刻和全面的立法改革。	0
In addition to Structured Media, Leviton Integrated Networks offers Designer Lighting, Home Control and Power Protection systems, as well as options for child safety and for those with special needs.	除了结构化媒体外， Leviton Integrated Networks 还提供 Designer Lighting ， Home Control 和 Power Protection 系统，以及儿童安全和有特殊需要的儿童安全选项。	0
In addition to the dominant faction of merchants and bankers, there is also a national bourgeoisie in Canada, small and weak though it is.	除了商人和银行家占主导地位的集团之外，加拿大还有一个全国性的资产阶级，虽然它是弱小的。	1
In addition to these please Prepare effective bills for betterment of muslims and introduce them in the house.	除了这些之外，请为改善穆斯林的状况制定有效的法案，并将其引入议会。	1
In addition to the service placements this team had the opportunity to learn from guest speakers such as a local professor, activist groups and community members.	除了提供服务外，该团队还有机会向当地教授，活动团体和社区成员等特邀演讲者学习。	0
In addition to those already mentioned, Trinidad and Tobago held a workshop on the role of the Caribbean Community in pursuing the aims of the Convention in June 2006.	除了上述情况外，特立尼达和多巴哥还于 2006 年 6 月举办了一次关于加勒比共同体在实现《公约》目标方面的作用的讲习班。	1
In addition to those perks, you can use cheat codes to do all kinds of essentially useless things like making the cars fly, or making the cars invisible.	除了这些福利之外，您还可以使用欺骗代码来做各种本质上毫无用处的事情，比如让汽车飞，或者让汽车变得不可见。	2
In addition to valuable products made of corn we also produce the most popular of all specialities: Styrian pumpkin seed oil.	除了用玉米制成的珍贵产品外，我们还生产最受欢迎的所有特产：斯蒂里安南瓜籽油。	1
In addition, you can consider getting a certificate in an area of public health that interests you.	此外，您还可以考虑获得您感兴趣的公共卫生领域的证书。	1
In a high stakes cash game it is not out of the ordinary for me to pay a player a referral fee if he brings a fish to my table.	在一场高赌注现金游戏中，如果玩家把鱼带到我的桌子上，我通常会向玩家支付推荐费。	0
In Alberta the Progressive Conservative Premier has threatened to use the notwithstanding clause should any federal ruling legalize gay marriages, which would essentially outlaw gay marriages in Alberta.	在艾伯塔省，进步保守党总理威胁说，如果任何联邦裁决将同性恋婚姻合法化，就会使用尽管有条款，而这将在艾伯塔省基本上宣布同性恋婚姻为非法。	2
In all other cases the validation of new course proposals is undertaken at faculty level, where the validation panel is chaired by the dean of the relevant faculty.	在所有其他情况下，新课程建议的验证都在教师一级进行，由相关教师的院长担任验证小组主席。	1
In a month she may be more okay about the diabetes.	在一个月内，她可能对糖尿病更有了解。	1
In a more positive note, when two players that originally met in Lineage married in the real world, a virtual wedding was held inside the game as well.	更积极的一点是，当两名最初相约的球员在现实世界结婚时，一场虚拟婚礼也在比赛中举行。	2
In an attempt to clarify matters, Annexe Three provides a list of the cases with international prosecutors or international judges that Amnesty International believes involve war crimes, crimes against humanity or genocide.	为了澄清问题，附件三提供了大赦国际认为涉及战争罪，危害人类罪或种族灭绝罪的国际检察官或国际法官案件清单。	2
In ancient Egypt, the cat was cultivated as an icon and eventually a God.	在古埃及，这只猫被培养成一个象征，最终成为一个神。	1
In an effort to preserve the group against dispersion, each member took some sort of oath of allegiance to the group.	为了保护该团体不被分散，每个成员都宣誓效忠该团体。	1
In another embodiment of the present invention, the spin injector and the spin detector each include a ferromagnetic semiconductor.	在当前发明的另一个体现中，自旋喷油器和自旋探测器都包括一个铁磁半导体。	1
In a number of different studies around the globe, a clear association also has been observed between heavy alcohol consumption and brain infarction in young adults (see Hillbom 1987) for a review).	在全球许多不同的研究中，也发现年轻人酗酒和脑梗塞之间存在明显的关联（请参阅 Hillbom 1987 ）以供审查）。	1
In any case, MEDGAZ fine tune its schedule according to the agreements between the Spanish and Algerian authorities.	无论如何， MEDGAZ 根据西班牙和阿尔及利亚当局之间的协议微调其时间表。	1
In any discussions between Palestinians and Israelis on the ground in the Middle East, the crucial margin of political forces affecting the negotiations, is among Jews and Arabs living outside the territory of Israel and Palestine.	在巴勒斯坦人和以色列人在中东进行的任何讨论中，影响谈判的政治力量的关键边缘是生活在以色列和巴勒斯坦领土之外的犹太人和阿拉伯人。	1
In a particularly preferred embodiment of the present invention, the inner periphery of the outer rotary tube is additionally provided with lifting blades.	在当前发明的一个特别受欢迎的例子中，外侧旋转管的内侧外缘还额外配备起吊刀片。	0
In April 2003, the Cabinet began organizing statewide strategic planning sessions regarding the development and implementation of the required PIP.	2003 年 4 月，内阁开始组织全州战略规划会议，讨论制定和执行所需的和平执行方案。	0
In areas of Mission we have stepped up with not only our funds but our working hands at the Neal School in North Chicago.	在执行任务的地区，我们不仅用我们的资金，而且用我们在北芝加哥的 Neal 学校的工作。	2
In a Re Cast: of the story SNOW WHITE, the KH characters are returning to play their new parts!	在重演中：在故事白雪中， KH 角色正在返程扮演新角色！	2
In a related development, Turkey reacted positively to a proposal by Athens for the holding of a meeting of foreign ministers from Balkan states.	在一个相关的事态发展中，土耳其对雅典提出的召开巴尔干国家外交部长会议的建议作出了积极的反应。	1
In a sick way, if her mother asked her that today, the answer would be the same.	如果她的母亲在今天问她，那答案就会是一样的。	0
In assessing this item, reviewers were to determine whether the agency had made diligent efforts to locate and assess relatives (both maternal and paternal relatives) as potential placement resources for children in foster care.	在评估这一项目时，审查人员将确定该机构是否作出了不懈努力，寻找和评估亲属 ( 包括母亲和父亲的亲属 ) 作为寄养儿童的潜在安置资源。	1
In a Thai massage in Mar Vista stretching is mostly used as the primary technique to get your muscles relaxed.	在马维斯塔的泰式按摩中，伸展大部分被用作放松肌肉的主要技术。	2
In August of this year, a delegation from the Chinese police force is planning to come to Georgia to visit and look at State Patrol operations.	今年 8 月，中国警察部队的一个代表团计划到格鲁吉亚访问并考察国家巡逻行动。	0
In Austria, the European Convention on human rights and the first protocol were signed by the Federal President and ratified by the Conseil national.	在奥地利，联邦总统签署了《欧洲人权公约》和第一项议定书，并由全国委员会批准。	1
In a vain campaign to gutter as the last lexus of florence south carolina.	在一场徒劳的活动中，我们猜到了南卡罗来纳州佛罗伦萨的最后一个雷克萨斯。	2
In Beaumont, With our vast experience and expertise in handling these certain types of cases, we are quite sure that your cases will be settled in no time.	在博蒙特，凭借我们在处理这些特定类型的案例方面的丰富经验和专业知识，我们非常确信您的案例将在不需要任何时间的情况下得到解决。	1
In both studies codeine was also present in the seeds in smaller concentrations.	在这两项研究中，在较小浓度的种子中也存在二甲苯醚。	0
Inbreeding led to a strain of rats whose blood pressure was exquisitely sensitive to an increase in salt intake.	繁殖导致了老鼠的紧张，他们的血压对食盐摄取量的增加非常敏感。	2
In Cambodia, the government is now looking at what more can be done to further utilize the booming tourism sector.	在柬埔寨，政府现在正在研究如何进一步利用蓬勃发展的旅游业。	1
In Canada, it seems that we want to take it into account.	在加拿大，我们似乎要考虑到这一点。	1
In case of any issues concerning these Rules, all controversial questions are solved on the general jury meeting.	如有任何与本规则有关的问题，所有有争议的问题都将在全体陪审团会议上解决。	0
In case of loans to builders, NHB officials enquired about their past record, and the exposure to a single account, sources at the home finance firms said.	国内金融公司的消息人士表示：“对于向建筑商贷款的情况， NHB 官员询问了他们过去的记录以及对单一账户的风险。	1
In case of termination and dissolution of the company, it is wound up in accordance with the provisions of Turkish Trade Code and the legislation of Capital Market.	如果公司终止和解散，则根据《土耳其贸易法》和《资本市场法》的规定将其清盘。	2
In cases where no investments which are considered significant by the competent authority in order to carry out the provision of services are involved, the maximum duration of its authorisation shall be 8 years.	如果主管当局认为不涉及为提供服务而进行的重大投资，则授权的最长期限为 8 年。	2
In case you are all about look, factors this kind of since the screens measurement, response time likewise as overall appears from the book reader will issue essentially the most.	如果您只关注外观，那么自屏幕测量以来的这种因素，响应时间与书籍阅读者的总体情况一样，基本上是最常见的问题。	1
In case you were wondering No Ace does not have his devil fruit yet, but he can use haki very well though.	如果你怀疑没有阿斯还没有他的魔鬼果，但他可以很好地使用哈基。	2
In Chapter II this education programme will be explained and evaluated.	在第二章中，将对这一教育方案进行解释和评估。	0
Inc Jobs AIS is dedicated to the collection of accurate, complete, and reliable marine and ecological data.	INC Jobs AIS 专门用于收集准确，完整和可靠的海洋和生态数据。	1
Included in his web site are full transcripts of some of his books.	他的网站上包括他的一些书籍的全文。	1
Includes a living area with sofa and a bathroom with bathtub.	包括带沙发的起居区和带浴缸的浴室。	0
Income protection can shield you cover mental disorders as well.	收入保障也可以保护您的心理疾病。	0
Incomplete or unclear information or answers to questions may provide a negative impact in the assessment of this information.	不完整或不明确的信息或问题答案可能会对评估此信息产生负面影响。	0
Incomplete requests will delay the production of the materials.	不完整的请求将推迟材料的生产。	1
In contrast, deep sleep helps the higher cognitive functions and plays an important role in allowing the brain to memorise facts or solutions to difficult tasks.	相比之下，深度睡眠有助于提高认知功能，并在让大脑记忆事实或解决困难任务方面发挥重要作用。	1
In contrast to previous generations of Socialist block artists, who made fun of Communism falling into senility, Mona Chisa and Tkacova are not trying to deconstruct the world around them.	与前几代的社会主义街区艺术家相比，他们把共产主义的乐趣变成了感官上的享受，莫娜 · 奇萨和特卡科娃并没有试图破坏他们周围的世界。	1
Incorporating lessons learned from the battlefield resulted in improvements for the later production versions such as reinforced lower gun mantlet, engine grille heater unit, and exhaust shrouds.	从战场上汲取经验教训，改进了后期生产版本，如强化的下部枪式小管，发动机格栅加热器装置和排气罩。	2
Increase case management for families to improve planning for services and access to available services.	增加家庭案件管理，以改善服务规划和获得现有服务的机会。	0
Increase coordination and cooperation within the supply chain ?	增加供应链内的协调与合作？	0
Increased port activity is a sign of a strong economy and a healthy intermodal freight system.	港口活动的增加表明经济强劲，多式联运货运系统健康。	0
Increased variety of recreation activities was requested, along with better signage for the current facilities.	要求增加娱乐活动的种类，并为现有设施提供更好的标志。	2
Increase maximal width of page column in note table.	增加备注表中页面列的最大宽度。	0
In Cuyahoga County, prosecutors read aloud police reports to defense attorneys without letting them see the actual reports.	In Cuyahoga County, prosecutors read aloud police reports to defence attorneys without letting them see the actual reports.	2
Indeed at the graduation ceremony he said 'I believe that Saudi women are as capable if not more capable than their male counterparts'.	事实上，在毕业典礼上，他说： " 我相信沙特妇女即使不是比她们的男性更有能力也是如此 " 。	2
Indeed, his left side showed no burn marks of any kind and his right hand was just as warm as ever.	事实上，他的左侧没有任何烧伤痕迹，他的右手也像以往一样温暖。	1
Indeed the Miami Heat might end up winning championship with their dream NBA team, even as they are losing the war against youth crimes, poverty and dysfunction in the inner city communities of Miami.	事实上，迈阿密热战可能最终在他们梦想中的 NBA 球队赢得冠军，即使他们正在迈阿密的内城社区中输掉与青少年犯罪，贫困和功能障碍作斗争的战争。	2
Indeed, the National Award by Arbitrator Benjamin Aaron specifically concluded that such a discussion could not reasonably be considered either Investigatory or disciplinary, and that the union has waived any Weingarten, rights that might otherwise apply.	事实上，仲裁员本杰明 · 亚伦的国家裁决明确地得出结论，这种讨论不能被合理地视为调查或纪律讨论，而且工会放弃了任何可能适用的魏圣马丁权利。	1
Indeed, they have even had to limit their sales to one bottle per person to deal with the high demand.	事实上，他们甚至不得不将销售限制为每人一瓶，以应付高需求。	1
Independent advocates are available to support victim survivors in high risk cases providing advice and information at the point of crisis.	独立倡导者可在危机点为高风险案件中的受害者幸存者提供咨询和信息。	0
Independent tests prove that, Kinyo blankets ink points to expand the value is always at or below the European target.	独立的测试证明， Kinyo 为扩大墨点提供的毯子始终等于或低于欧洲目标。	2
In developing the design, Shield has solved the many complex and technical difficulties arising from exceptionally large thermal expansion in such a processing plant.	在设计开发过程中， Shield 解决了这种加工工厂中超大热膨胀所带来的许多复杂的技术难题。	0
India also tops the world list as the country with the highest number of TB cases.	印度也是世界上结核病病例最多的国家。	0
India is a land of festivals and fairs.	印度是一个节日和集市的地方。	1
Indian contemporary art was now truly on an independent path.	印度当代艺术现在真正走上了独立的道路。	1
Indicates whether blasting is allowed for this phone number or email address.	指示是否允许对此电话号码或电子邮件地址进行爆破。	1
Individual banks decided when to make loans to hedge funds and how much to loan.	个别银行决定何时向对冲基金提供贷款以及贷款金额。	0
Individuals suffering from a Tippa disorder should avoid situations causing conflict.	患有 Tippa 障碍的个人应避免导致冲突的情况。	1
Individuals with poor social skills do not cue well to the nonverbal responses of their listeners.	社会技能较差的人对其听众的非语言反应没有很好的启示。	1
In doing so it is my impression that it fails to pass a clear message to decision makers.	这样做，我的印象是，它没有向决策者传递一个明确的信息。	1
In Dubai you can ski in the e seekers finally depart Budapest on their long drive to Cambodia in their three plastic cars, otherwise known as Trabants.	在迪拜，您可以在寻找滑雪的人中滑雪，最后从布达佩斯出发，乘坐他们的三辆塑料车，即所谓的 Trabants ，长途驱车前往柬埔寨。	2
Inductees receive an award distributed by the USTFCCCA National Office and four (4) tickets to the Wednesday evening banquet.	被入场者将获得美国联邦打击腐败委员会（ USTFCCCA ）国家办事处颁发的奖项和四（ 4 ）张周三晚宴会门票。	2
In Eastern Europe they lived under communisism and in Western Europe they had free enterprise.	在东欧，他们生活在公报之下，在西欧，他们有自由的企业。	2
I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.	我需要她把拖车挂到我们的皮卡上，开车到这里，这样我们就可以把它带回家。	1
I need some ideas of about three or so songs to use as background music.	我需要一些大约三首歌曲的想法作为背景音乐。	1
I need someone to give me a chance.	我需要有人给我一个机会。	0
I need to feel constantly inspired and motivated.	我需要不断地感受到灵感和动力。	2
I need to save these on a disk for a publisher in Macintosh format.	我需要将这些文件以 Macintosh 格式保存在发布者的磁盘上。	0
I need to write a memorial to him by tomorrow morning.	我需要在明天上午之前给他写一份纪念。	1
Ineffective faculty recruitment is attributed to low salaries.	教师招聘效率低下的原因是工资低。	0
In effect, the Greek Catholic faithful were relegated to the status quo ante: an inferior status among American Catholics lacking an organizational identity and any authoritative leadership.	实际上，希腊天主教信徒被置于原状：在缺乏组织身份和任何权威领导的美国天主教徒中地位低下。	1
In effect, they provide aid money for the bureaucratic preparation for privatisation.	实际上，它们为私有化的官僚准备提供了援助资金。	1
In electromagnetic instruments of the moving coil type, electro- magnetic damping always exists, and is usually adjusted to give the required force to produce critical damping.	在移动线圈类型的电磁仪器中，电磁阻尼始终存在，通常会进行调整以提供产生临界阻尼所需的力。	0
In electromagnetic theory sink and source are respectively the termination or supply of current flow ; the divergence of the current density is their negative and positive , respectively.	在电磁理论中，吸收器和源分别是电流的终止或供应；电流密度的差异分别为负和正。	1
In essence Alex is a symbol of true human nature because he broke from the bars that society put him behind and in result tapped into the infinite potential he possesses.	从本质上讲，亚历克斯是一个真正人性的象征，因为他打破了社会所给他的限制，最终被他所拥有的无限潜力所利用。	1
In essence, it is argued here that both approaches are needed and none of them can replace the other.	从本质上讲，这里有人认为，这两种方法都是必要的，它们都不能取代另一种。	0
In evaluating the effects of incidental take regulations on polar bears and walruses, the Service is required to evaluate takes expected from all specified activities in the specific geographic area on polar bear and Pacific walrus.	在评估附带获取法规对北极熊和核桃的影响时，该局必须评估北极熊和太平洋核桃特定地理区域内所有特定活动的预期结果。	2
I never get an answer for the rest of the afternoon.	下午剩下的时间，我都没有得到答案。	1
I never had nightmares when I slept with them so I know how Breeze felt as Sonic stayed with her.	当我和他们一起睡觉的时候，我从未有过噩梦，所以我知道微风是如何让 Sonic 和她在一起的。	2
I never let anyone know just how much as I was so deep in love with him.	我从来不会让任何人知道我对他有多深的爱。	1
I never realized how special and different Rachel really was from all of us until today.	直到今天，我从未意识到雷切尔在我们所有人身上有多么特殊和不同。	2
I never really cried over being sent here for eternity.	我从未真正因为被送到这里的永恒而哭过。	2
I never really met Mayella before the trial, and I remember her acting weird and anxious or something.	在审判前，我从未真正遇到过梅耶拉，我记得她的行为是怪异和焦虑或某种东西。	1
I never thought teaching him to defend himself would be so difficult or that I would even have to.	我从来没想过教他为自己辩护会如此困难，甚至我也不会这样做。	0
I never understood that whole line of reasoning?...) this may be a wierd ?	我从来都不明白这种推理吗？ ... ）这可能是一个奇怪的说法？	0
I never went to a study or house knowing what was going to happen.	我从未去过一个知道会发生什么的研究或家。	2
In every way he has been our teacher.	他在各方面都是我们的老师。	0
In exchange for the article written by the company, the newspaper would publish a little bio piece on it.	作为对该公司所写文章的交换，该报纸将在其上发表一个小的生物片。	2
In fact I barely have time to review!	事实上，我几乎没有时间去评论！	0
In fact, I celebrated so much that I could barely move for most of today.	事实上，我庆祝了这么多，以至于今天的大部分时间我几乎都不能移动。	2
In fact in the 1970s can be looked at as a skiing, and the outbreak of the clothes at the time of the Moncler is the most weight on the market.	事实上，在 1970 年代，可以被视为滑雪，而在蒙克莱尔时代，衣服的爆发是市场上最重的。	0
In fact, it is fast becoming a favorite choice for individual investors and for a very good reason...	事实上，它正迅速成为个人投资者的最爱，这是一个很好的原因 ...	2
In fact, it rather scared Hermione as well, and her mind went blank as Draco asked his questions.	事实上，它也相当害怕赫米奥内，当德拉科问他的问题时，她的想法是空的。	2
Infact, one can expect more volatility in the days to come and a gradual decline from current levels.	事实上，人们可以预期今后会有更大的波动性，并会从目前的水平逐渐下降。	0
In fact, one of the Cracked writers mentioned being amazed that the developers bothered with inputting something as pointless as a guy cleaning a window.	事实上，其中一位被破解的作家提到，他们惊讶地发现，开发人员不愿意输入像清洁窗户的人那样毫无意义的东西。	2
In fact, the ladybug secretes an oily yellowish substance from its leg joints when roughly handled.	事实上，当大家伙被粗暴地处理时，他从腿关节中分泌了一种油黄物质。	2
In fact, the Law on Public Procurement 16 exempts financial and securities services from the public procurement process, regardless of the cost and size of financial services involved.	事实上，《公共采购法》 16 规定金融和证券服务不受公共采购程序的约束，而不论所涉金融服务的成本和规模如何。	1
In fact, the National Investor Relations Institute found that the number of companies that claimed to provide less information was 24%.	事实上，国家投资者关系研究所发现，声称提供较少信息的公司数量为 24% 。	1
In fact, the past year has seen an explosion in the number of vendors fielding mesh technology solutions.	事实上，去年部署 Mesh 技术解决方案的供应商数量激增。	0
In fact there are exclusive stores for authentic refurbished designer handbags online.	事实上，网上有独家商店，可以买到真正翻新的设计师手提包。	1
In fact there was very little dignity, as dignity is generally understood and the bones of John Wesley may well have spun in their grave like a pinwheel on the Fourth of July.	事实上，尊严很少，因为人们普遍理解尊严，约翰 · 韦斯利的骨头很可能在 7 月 4 日像弹子一样在他们的坟墓中吐痰。	2
In fact they are the result of a subtle but very effective marriage of several decorative fabrics used both for the armchairs, the curtains and the bed covers and for the walls.	事实上，它们是由几种装饰面料巧妙但非常有效地结合而成的结果，这些面料既用于扶手椅，窗帘和床罩，也用于墙壁。	1
In fact, they got on so well together in the morning that there was not talk on either side of their separating after lunch.	事实上，他们在早上在一起的时候非常好，以至于午餐后他们的两侧都没有谈话。	2
In fact water absorbs over a much greater range of wavenlenghts than the rest of them combined.	事实上，水吸收的瓦伦格茨的范围比其他的总和要大得多。	1
Infectious transcripts and nucleotide sequence of cloned cDNA of the potexvirus white clover mosaic virus.	感染性转录本和克隆的土病毒白克隆马赛克病毒 cDNA 的核苷酸序列。	0
Infinite subdivisions and permutations are possible within any relationship.	在任何关系中都可以进行无限的细分和排列。	0
Influentials - may very well develop a whole site or application to demonstrate a point they feel strongly about.	影响 - 很可能会开发一个完整的站点或应用程序，以证明他们强烈地感受到的一点。	2
Information about the current selection is given at the bottom of the destination window.	有关当前选择的信息将在目标窗口的底部给出。	0
Information on the number of steps and time required for such routine government functions can be gathered relatively easily on a regular basis.	关于这种例行政府职能所需的步骤和时间的信息可以相对容易地定期收集。	1
Information on walgreen with buy walgreen and Walgreen related site.	有关 Walgreen 和 Buy Walgreen 相关网站的信息。	1
Informed food choices are the first place to start, making sure you get a variety of foods while watching your calorie intake.	明智的食物选择是第一个开始的地方，确保您在观看卡路里摄入的同时获得各种食物。	2
Inform the Banquet Sous Chef of any shortages... to the Sous Chef to ensure optimum service to guests.	向宴会厨师报告任何短缺 ... 告知 Sous 厨师，以确保为客人提供最佳服务。	1
In France we struggle to elect a black representative every five years.	在法国，我们每五年就要努力选出一位黑人代表。	1
Infringement of some of the terms can warrant the closing of your user account.	违反某些条款可以保证关闭您的用户帐户。	1
In further embodiments, the amount can be any amount sufficient to increase or initiate a Th2 response in the subject.	在进一步的实施例中，金额可以是足以增加或启动主题中 TH2 响应的任何金额。	0
In future I gotta get me some of that Star San that everyone raves about, no waiting around for things to dry.	将来，我要给我一些每个人都喜欢的星山，不要等待东西干起来。	2
In general, disclosures in direct mail applications and solicitations must be accurate as of the time of mailing.	一般而言，直邮申请和招标中的披露必须在邮寄时准确无误。	0
In general Lietuvos Energija has carried out its internal development far more rapidly than West European companies did in the nineties.	总的来说， Lietuvos Energija 公司的内部发展速度远远超过了西欧公司在 90 年代的发展速度。	0
In general, participants commented that the proposed indicators were mixed and included both negative and positive measures.	总的来说，与会者评论说，拟议的指标好坏参半，既有消极的衡量标准，也有积极的衡量标准。	0
In general, proxy servers should not be used when connected to this access point.	通常，连接到此接入点时不应使用代理服务器。	0
In general, the nature of midwifery care is that it supports the use of the trance state in birth.	一般而言，助产护理的性质是支持在出生时使用特拉斯状态。	2
In general they have not been bred to have a focused attention span, a problem which can be solved by very focused training.	一般而言，他们没有得到集中关注的机会，这是一个可以通过非常有针对性的培训来解决的问题。	2
In good position for a range of places to eat in the evening and in easy walking distance from Oxford railway ststion.	酒店位置优越，晚上有很多吃饭的地方，步行可到牛津火车站。	0
In granting the licenses approval, FCC says the Applicants are subject at all times to all other compliance requirements of the US government.	在批准许可证时， FCC 表示申请者始终遵守美国政府的所有其他合规性要求。	0
Inhalation difficulties and a bad back would possibly be a result.	吸入困难和不良背部可能会导致这种情况。	2
In her role as Vice President of the New York Viola Society, she successfully creates performance opportunities for dedicated violists to explore this repertoire, both old and new.	作为纽约维奥拉学会的副总裁，她成功地为专心致志的小提琴家创造了表演机会，探索这部新旧剧目。	2
Inhibitory effect of isoflurane upon oxidative metabolism of halothane.	异氟醚对氟烷氧化代谢的抑制效应。	0
In higher scales of war, I see in this division an unparalleled reserve or screening force capable of operating over very large frontages.	在较大规模的战争中，我看到在这一部门有一支无与伦比的后备或甄别力量，能够在非常大的临屋中运作。	2
In his confusion he did the thing that one might have expected – he went straight to Darla - not to blame her for what she had done to him but for comfort and reassurance.	在他的困惑中，他做了人们可能期望的事情——他直接去达拉——不是因为她对他做了什么而指责她，而是因为她的安慰和保证。	2
In his only main of the night, Ryan rode to an eleventh place finish, crossing the line in a pack of riders all battling for every spot.	在他的唯一一个夜晚，瑞安骑行到了第 11 位，在一组骑手中跨越了这条线，所有的骑手都在为每个地点争战。	1
In India, people normally buy gold during festivals as gifts and investments and for marriages.	在印度，人们通常在节日期间购买黄金作为礼物，投资和结婚。	1
In Italy none of the competitors of the resulting entity will have market shares above 5%.	在意大利，结果实体的竞争对手都不会拥有超过 5% 的市场份额。	1
Initially I thought it might be too tight in the basket, but after using it a few times I feel it works well.	起初我认为这可能太紧了，但使用过几次后，我觉得它效果很好。	1
Initial mailings with request letters were followed by a second set of reminder cards and letters.	最初的邮件中有请求函，随后是第二套提醒卡和信函。	1
In its comments, Justice agreed that revised or additional guidance and policy could be created to address unique issues presented by use of personal information obtained from resellers.	在评论中， Justice 同意可以创建修订或附加的指导和政策，以解决使用从经销商处获得的个人信息所带来的独特问题。	0
In its place was a hugely diverse scattering of tribes and communities, some of whom had territory which overlaps the borders of present day Nigeria.	In its place was a whately diverse scattering of tribes and communities, some of whom had territory which overlaps the borders of present day Nigeria.	2
In July 2004 and again in August the District Secretary has published in the Government Newspapers notices to acquire properties from the Applicants.	在 2004 年 7 月和 8 月，政务秘书又在政府报章上刊登了向申请人收购物业的公告。	1
In Juno and the Paycock, for the Boyle family of Dublin beset by poverty and sustained mostly by illusions and vain hopes, life is a continuous and largely losing struggle.	在 Juno 和 Paycock ，对于都柏林的博伊尔家庭来说，生活是一场持续的斗争，在很大程度上是失败的，他们饱受贫困的困扰，大部分都是幻想和希望的支撑。	1
Ink disease probably came in on cork oak trees from Portugal, which were planted in the south before 1823.	油墨病可能发生在葡萄牙的软木橡树上，这些树种在 1823 年之前在南部种植。	1
Ink takes care of handwriting recognition ... while the Bamboo pane provides full customization of the tablet and four buttons that are located off to the side of the active area of the tablet.	墨迹负责手写识别 ... 而 Bamboo 窗格提供平板电脑的完全自定义功能以及位于平板电脑活动区域侧面的四个按钮。	0
In languages such as Finnish , there is a set of six distinct locative cases that express different relationships to location.	在芬兰语等语言中，有一组六种不同的本地化案例，表达了与位置的不同关系。	1
In Light aircraft it has become the norm down under, or it was when i stopped strapping airframes to my bum All light on leaving the ramp.	在轻型飞机上，它已经成为了常态，或者当我在离开坡道时，停止将机架捆扎到我的小木上。	1
In light of these findings we have done some research and have identified the key factors that need to be effected for a successful ERP implementation: Does your business really need an ERP system?!	根据这些调查结果，我们已经进行了一些研究，并确定了成功实施 ERP 所需的关键因素：您的企业是否真的需要 ERP 系统？！	0
In light of these successes, we as a nation are rightfully questioning whether the same barriers that generated the need for affirmative action still exist.	鉴于这些成功，我们作为一个国家理所当然地质疑是否仍然存在产生扶持行动需要的同样的障碍。	1
In line with its applicable rating criteria, Fitch typically adjusts down the WARF-implied National Fund Credit Rating of funds it deems concentrated by one or more notches.	根据其适用的评级标准，惠誉通常会按一个或多个档位下调其认为集中的资金的 Warf 隐含国民基金信用评级。	1
In many cases messages are designed and funded from the north.	在许多情况下，信息是由北方设计和资助的。	2
In many cases, the proportion of physicians who erroneously believed a particular drug was FDA-approved for a specific indication was higher among physicians who had prescribed the drug for that indication.	在许多情况下，错误相信某种药物获得 FDA 批准用于某种特定指示的医生比例在为该指示开具处方的医生中更高。	1
In many cases this can pose health risks and can give your house a foul smell.	在许多情况下，这可能会造成健康风险，并可能给您的房屋带来恶臭。	0
In many of the Central European countries there is the foundation of industry, and at least on the surface we are looking at the adaptation and restructuring of industry not its creation.	在许多中欧国家，工业有其基础，至少在表面上，我们正在研究工业的适应和结构调整，而不是它的创造。	1
In many world marketplaces, a wide variety of media must be used to reach the majority of the markets.	在许多世界市场中，必须使用各种媒体来访问大多数市场。	0
In Meiji Japan, a young lady is conceived, born, and trained from birth to exact merciless revenge for the death of her family.	在明治日本，年轻的女性从出生开始就被构思，出生和训练，以对其家庭的死亡进行无情的报复。	1
In Microclar we know that we are a key technological partner in your production process.	在 Microclar 中，我们知道我们是您生产流程中的关键技术合作伙伴。	0
In most companies I worked for they had policies and was grounds for termination if broken.	在大多数公司中，我为他们工作的公司都有政策，如果他们被破坏，我就有理由终止雇佣关系。	2
In most eastern European countries, the political and economic transition since 1990 has caused a very rapid decline in fertility to levels that are even lower than in the new Member States.	在大多数东欧国家，自 1990 年以来的政治和经济转型导致生育率迅速下降到甚至低于新成员国的水平。	0
In most people if this Chakra is active it gives them the feeling of wellbeing and the innner knowledge that we all have a spark of the divine within us.	在大多数人中，如果这个 Chakra 是活跃的，它会给他们一种幸福的感觉和内在的知识，那就是我们所有人都有一个神圣的火花。	2
Inmotion prides itself in being the first and only company to offer consumers Max Speed Zones.	Inmotion 引以为豪的是，它是第一家也是唯一一家为消费者提供 Max Speed Zones 的公司。	1
In my last little house I was able to just bolt ashiatsu bars right onto the rafters.	在我的最后一个小房子里，我只能将松石杆紧固在拉夫上。	2
In my mind it seems that the inexperienced worker should be paid a lower minimum wage.	在我看来，缺乏经验的工人似乎应该得到较低的最低工资。	0
In my opinion horses were the most important animal in the history of the united states if not in the history of the world.	在我看来，马是美国历史上最重要的动物，即使不是在世界历史上。	1
In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you did, the net can be much more useful than ever before.	在我看来，如果所有网站所有者和博客作者都像您一样制作了出色的内容材料，网络将比以往任何时候都更有用。	0
In my opinion, it is not the fact that he was conceived illegitimately that created the villainy in him, but the denial of affection and human status due to the circumstances of his birth.	在我看来，他的想法不是非法的，而是由于他出生的情况而剥夺了他的感情和人的地位。	1
In my opinion, it would have been better for parents to let their children watch the speech and then talk with them about the reasons you disagree with the speech.	在我看来，如果父母让他们的孩子看着这篇演讲，然后和他们谈论你不同意这篇演讲的原因，那就更好了。	1
In nearby Fort Worth, at least three officers got sick after eating some cookies and candy after a basket was delivered to that police station Monday night, authorities said.	当局表示，在附近的沃思堡，至少有三名警察在周一晚上将一个篮子送到警察局后，吃了一些饼干和糖果后生病了。	1
Innovative ways to the distribution in a promotional pen will surely get your network marketing business noticed.	通过创新的方式以促销笔进行分发，肯定会让您的网络营销业务受到关注。	1
In November NATO will review and endorse a new Strategic Concept.	11 月，北约将审查并核可一个新的战略概念。	1
In November the pattern was very favorable, with low pressure over the southern Great Lakes and unseasonably warm air to the south to fuel severe thunderstorms each time a jet stream disturbance moved through.	11 月，这一模式非常有利，南部大湖地区的压力很低，南部地区的空气不是很好，每次喷射流扰动经过时，都会产生严重的雷暴。	1
In NTC's attempts to spread the word far and wide about its commitment to fighting cancer, Lance sent information and pictures to KISS' website; little did she know that NTC would be prominently placed on their home page.	在 NTC 试图广泛宣传其抗癌承诺的过程中， Lance 向 KISS 网站发送了信息和图片；她不知道 NTC 会在其主页上占据显著位置。	1
Ino and Hinata says I look adorable when I wear dresses.	伊诺和希那塔说我穿裙子时看起来很可爱。	0
In observing my own cats now, I notice that when they are very content or when they are trying to slow me down, they blink and partially close their eyes.	我现在观察我自己的猫，我注意到当它们非常满足或者当它们试图让我放慢速度时，它们会闪烁并部分闭上它们的眼睛。	1
I no longer felt afraid for my life knowing Gwen was not going to let the beat me up.	我不再担心自己的生命，因为 Gwen 不会让我被打倒。	2
In one case the valve was thickened and he recommended removing this dog from a breeding program.	有一次，阀被增厚，他建议将这只狗从一个繁殖计划中除名。	2
In one of her ministry placements Leanne experienced constant uncertainty about whether there would be enough money to pay her stipend.	Leanne 在她所在的一个部门的职位安排中，对于是否有足够的资金支付其津贴一直存在不确定性。	1
In one of his earlier incarnations as a young bodhisattva, the Buddha decides to use his yogic powers and ascend to Heaven to have a chat with god.	在他以前的一个年轻的菩提提提提提提神的化身中，佛陀决定利用他的瑜伽力量，升天与神聊天。	2
In only a number of simple steps, anybody can produce extraordinary headers that appear high quality and are usually straightforward on the eyesight.	只需执行几个简单的步骤，任何人都可以制作出高质量的非凡标题，并且通常在视觉上是直接的。	1
In order for you to get this extra... benefit for your newfound daughter...	为了让您获得额外的福利 ... 为您新发现的女儿提供的福利 ...	2
In order get rid of any water retention you might have, simply drink plain coffee in the mornings.	为了消除您可能的任何积水，只需在早上喝一杯普通咖啡即可。	1
In order to comply with this judgment, the State must pay the compensations established in favor of Manuel Aguirre Roca, Guillermo Rey Terry and Delia Revoredo Marsano, within six months of notification.	为了遵守这一判决，国家必须在通知后六个月内支付为 Manuel Aguirre Roca ， Guillermo Rey Terry 和 Delia Revoredo Marsano 确定的赔偿。	1
In order to facilitate fully the law of attraction and move myself to the next step of enlightenment; I will have to know myself as the law, as God.	为了充分促进吸引力法则，并使自己进入下一个启蒙阶段；我必须知道自己是法律，作为上帝。	2
In order to get recognized and known advertisements are taken out.	为了获得认可和已知的广告被发布。	2
In order to launch First North Baltic, the stock exchanges of Tallinn, Riga and Vilnius are currently harmonizing their market rules and negotiating with Certified Advisers.	为了启动第一个北波罗的海国家，塔林，里加和维尔纽斯的股票交易所目前正在协调其市场规则并与认证顾问进行谈判。	2
In order to make money with the Internet and raise businesses to a higher level, you need to decide what type of a business you are going to have.	为了通过互联网赚钱并将企业提升到更高的水平，您需要决定您将要拥有哪种类型的企业。	0
In order to make sense of a complex visual world, humans possess attentional mechanisms that permit the selection of a portion of a scene for detailed processing.	为了理解复杂的视觉世界，人类拥有能够选择场景的一部分进行详细处理的专注机制。	1
In order to persuade Timmy to agree to play, Susie told Timmy that they had a plans to spank Terri again.	为了说服蒂米同意比赛，苏西告诉蒂米，他们计划再次猛击特里。	2
In order to provide a more professional atmosphere, solid black leotards with pink or tan tights are required in all ballet classes and encouraged in all others.	为了营造更专业的氛围，所有芭蕾舞课程都需要使用粉色或棕黄色紧身的实心黑带，其他所有课程都鼓励使用。	1
In order to save lives and keep our towns tidy, street zoning is needed and must be created soon.	为了拯救生命和保持我们的城镇整洁，需要并必须尽快建立街道分区。	1
In oss star wars cloud city the participants, who are nearly volunteers, are embraced amongst divisional geographic forums far there is onus for androids to flash months to sustain in quality code development.	在开放源码软件星球大战云城中，参与者几乎是志愿者，在各分区的地理论坛中受到欢迎，而到目前为止，各国有责任在数月内维持高质量的代码开发。	1
I note of the fact that our hands are still clamped together over his knee.	我注意到，我们的双手仍被夹在他的膝盖上。	0
In other cases some women might also feel like they re coming down with the flu.	在其他情况下，一些妇女可能也会感到自己再次感染了流感。	0
In other forms of creative media, cinema, television and theater, stories do not get dropped despite shifts in the modality of the action.	在其他形式的创造性媒体，电影，电视和戏剧中，尽管行动方式发生了变化，但故事并没有减少。	1
In other words, a historical stage opened up for Basque society without having to bear the human suffering and the political distortion created by the violence of ETA.	换言之，巴斯克社会在没有承受埃塔暴力所造成的人类痛苦和政治扭曲的情况下开启了一个历史舞台。	1
In other words all KR warming filters come from the same block of glass.	换言之，所有 KR 加热过滤器都来自同一个玻璃块。	1
In other words, rather than securing other consumer goods, the baker invests his bread in the enhancement of the oven, which hopefully will lift the daily production of bread.	换言之，面包师不是购买其他消费品，而是将他的面包投资于烤箱的改良，希望这将提高面包的日常生产。	1
I noticed this the first day but did not give it a second thought.	第一天我注意到了这一点，但没有再给它一个想法。	2
In our previous consideration then, I told you that the key to eschatology is what we could call Judeo Centrism, getting Israel in the right place.	在我们之前的考虑中，我告诉你，闲谈的关键是我们可以称之为犹太中心主义，使以色列处于正确的位置。	1
In our research Funding, liquidity and Government guarantees, 7th April 2009, we discussed the likely medium term pressure on margins through lower rates and new liquidity regulations but the Q1 numbers highlighted just how current this issue is.	在 2009 年 4 月 7 日的研究资金，流动性和政府担保中，我们讨论了通过更低的利率和新的流动性法规可能对利润产生的中期压力，但第一季度的数字突出了这一问题的当前程度。	1
In our review of the nine denied claims, one was a death claim that was disqualified because the claimant was not the proper personal representative.	在我们对九项被拒绝的索赔进行审查时，一项是死亡索赔，由于索赔人不是适当的个人代表，因此被取消资格。	0
Ino walked over and grabbed a purple and black flower(1).	野子走过，抓住一朵紫色和黑色的花（ 1 ）。	1
I now feel thoroughly conversant with the leisure pursuits that attach to wealth with Chinese characteristics.	我现在对中国特色财富的休闲追求感到十分熟悉。	1
In Paris he met Paul Eluard and with his help began a translation of his poems.	在巴黎，他见到了保罗 · 埃卢阿德，在他的帮助下开始翻译他的诗歌。	0
In practice, when dealing with a service provider established in another Member State, you will need to determine whether you can impose your national requirements or not.	在实践中，当与在另一个成员国设立的服务提供商打交道时，您需要确定是否可以强制实施您的国家要求。	1
In preliminary negotiations, we were told that we have a chance to get a grant and loan, and so we left Master Plan gasification process.	在初步谈判中，我们被告知我们有机会获得赠款和贷款，因此我们离开了总计划的气化过程。	0
In progress is the construction of a wind turbine to provide energy to the school and reduce our power costs.	正在进行的是建造一台风力涡轮机，为学校提供能源并降低我们的电力成本。	0
In proposing disarmament we are continuing here the policy which was expounded quite clearly at Genoa.	在提议裁军时，我们继续在热那亚十分清楚地阐述的政策。	1
In purposed method first according to phonetic similarities of letters of one language it is tried to create one phonetic coding in letters of that language.	在目的方法中，首先根据一种语言的字母的发音相似性，尝试用该语言的字母创建一个拼音编码。	1
Inquiries were made and a witness there recollected serving the accused.	进行了调查，一名证人在那里重新开始为被告服务。	2
In reading the book, I realized that I know very little about leg ...	在阅读这本书的时候，我意识到我对腿部的了解非常少 ...	1
In recent years, a few of these private agencies have begun to give some attention to the needs of unaccompanied workers.	近年来，其中一些私营机构开始对无人陪伴工人的需要给予一定的关注。	1
In recent years, a number of mining projects in various parts of the world have been stopped due to intense lobbying and protests initiated by either local or international environmental groups.	近年来，由于地方或国际环境团体的大力游说和抗议，世界各地的一些采矿项目已经停止。	0
In recognition of this policy, we have stated repeatedly that entry of a conditional plea of guilty is inappropriate unless the issue preserved for appeal would be dispositive of the case.	我们认识到这一政策，一再指出，除非保留上诉的问题对案件不利，否则有条件认罪是不适当的。	0
In regards to college: students will be rewarded for going above and beyond the University of California recommendations in an academic area, but overall GPA remains the most important admissions factor.	在大学方面：学生将因在学术领域超越加州大学的建议而获得奖励，但总体全球行动计划仍然是最重要的入学因素。	2
In regards to student loans, I think that private student loans with insane interest rates and lack of consumer protections should be allowed to refinance through the federal government.	在学生贷款方面，我认为应该允许利率疯狂和缺乏消费者保护的私人学生贷款通过联邦政府进行再融资。	2
In relation to the regional distribution of these species it is unlikely that a significant area of known habitat would be modified or removed.	就这些物种的区域分布而言，不可能改变或消除已知生境的一个重要区域。	2
In remarks shortly before the Senate voted, Obama said the nation will be watching to see where Congress stands on the issue.	奥巴马在参议院表决前的发言中表示，全国将关注国会在这个问题上的立场。	1
In reply, the Buddha said that if someone develops duty, habit and behaviour of an animal fully and uninterruptedly, he will reappear in the animal kingdom after death.	佛陀在回答时说，如果有人完全，不间断地发展动物的义务，习惯和行为，他死后就会在动物王国重新出现。	2
In second place amongst European cars we find the Fiat Panda while the Peugeot also takes third spot with the 206 cc ahead of the Volkswagen Polo and the Renault Clio.	在欧洲赛车中排名第二的是菲亚特熊猫，而标致则在大众马球和雷诺克利奥前的 206 立方厘米处获得第三名。	1
Insectoid Windows Galaga is a videogame classic, a title that took Space Invaders and gave it speed and wow factor.	Insectoid Windows Galaga 是一个视频游戏经典，一个以太空入侵者为主题的标题，给它带来了速度和令人惊叹的因素。	1
Insert point is located on top of pencil sharpener.	插入点位于铅笔磨刀器的顶部。	0
In short, it is a place where the tradition of the English afternoon tea is celebrated in art deco elegance and style.	简而言之，这是一个传统的英式下午茶以艺术装饰的优雅和风格而闻名的地方。	2
Inside I was greeted by the sound of laughing and utensils clinking.	在里面，我听到了笑声和炊具的声音。	0
Inside Kagome could see two bunk beds and she could also see that one of the two top beds where already taken.	在 Kagome 里面可以看到两张双层床，她也可以看到两张顶层床中的一张已经被拿走了。	2
Inside, the couple was eating the messy cake in their bare hands, which was as well covered in frosting as their face.	在里面，这对夫妇用双手吃了这块乱糟糟的蛋糕，这块蛋糕和他们的脸一样被磨砂。	2
In some applications, you may need to click Setup in the Print dialog box to get access to the list of printers.	在某些应用程序中，您可能需要单击“打印”对话框中的“设置”才能访问打印机列表。	0
In some areas there is a general commitment.	在某些领域，有一项总的承诺。	2
In some cases this disguises blemishes or areas of their figure they are not comfortable with, or could simply be to prevent those parts of the outfit from being misplaced.	在某些情况下，这掩盖了他们不满意的缺陷或形象，或者仅仅是为了防止这些装备的部件被放错位置。	0
In some cases, you are able to show up at one of these brilliant products a good way appointed by simply in which centre be effective getting Certified nursing assistant.	在某些情况下，您可以通过简单地在哪个中心获得认证护理助理，以一种良好的方式展示这些杰出产品。	1
In some patients, the origin of the abnormality is one of a continuing defective hormone secretion or metabolism, whereas in others, the problem can reflect abnormal development of sexual organs.	在某些患者中，异常的起源是持续存在的激素分泌或代谢缺陷，而在其他患者中，问题可能反映性器官的异常发育。	1
In some systems, these passwords are generated in response to an inquiry or stimulus from the computer, software or communications source to which access is desired.	在某些系统中，这些密码是在需要访问的计算机，软件或通信源的询问或刺激下生成的。	1
In some years it appears the issue saying that tomatoes were poisonous, so the tomato consumption among British people was stopped.	In some years it appears the issue saying that tomatoes were poisonous, so the tomato consumption among British people was stopped.	2
In special education, KIE has been adapting the curriculum for the special students in preparation of an all inclusive education.	在特殊教育方面， Kie 一直在调整特殊学生的课程，以准备一项全纳教育。	0
Inspite of being solid, they continue to light together with aluminum incidents and water repellent straps.	尽管坚固，但它们仍在继续与铝事件和防水带一起发光。	2
In spite of his works of healing, we see the faith community still today excluding the disabled and the mentally ill in the same ways they did in biblical times.	尽管他做了医治，但我们仍然看到信仰界今天仍然以他们在圣经时代所做的同样方式排斥残疾人和精神病患者。	2
In spite of their reduced powers, the Pandayas and Pallavas accepted Chola princesses in marriage, possibly out of regard for their reputation.	尽管权力有所削弱，但潘达亚斯和帕拉瓦斯还是接纳了乔拉公主结婚，可能是因为他们的声誉。	1
In spite of this he did not isolate himself.	尽管如此，他并没有孤立自己。	0
Instances of this are most usually where a particular surname is the same as a still existing town, district or region.	在这种情况下，最常见的情况是特定姓氏与仍存在的城镇，地区或地区相同。	1
Instant Advantages Of Quit Smoking Why is It Necessary To Curb On Your Smoking Addiction?	戒烟的即时优势为何有必要抑制您的吸烟上瘾？	1
Instapaper is an awesome service and I highly recommend it.	Instapapapapaper 是一个很棒的服务，我强烈推荐它。	0
Instead it must rely on relationships built with contesting government agencies or on factions within the top political leadership that ?nd the global scripts supportive of their factional preferences.	相反，它必须依靠与政府机构竞争建立的关系，或依靠在最高政治领导层中找到支持其派别偏好的全球剧本的派别。	2
Instead of a blue car and a blue pencil.	而不是一辆蓝色汽车和一支蓝色铅笔。	0
Instead of advertising for doctors from abroad, perhaps some will end up advertising for patients from abroad, to make up any shortfall in funds.	也许有些人最终会为来自国外的病人做广告，以弥补资金短缺，而不是为国外的医生做广告。	1
Instead of doing this, DW is sticking by their Guiding Principles & is in the process of switching merchant providers (not a trivial thing to do).	DW 不是这样做，而是坚持他们的指导原则，并且正在转换商家提供商（这不是一件小事）。	1
Instead of dragging on about it I am going to list the issues: 1) When I drive it it tends to pull to the left even when I adjust my servo from the transmitter.	我不想再拖下去，而是要列出问题： 1) 当我驾驶它时，它会向左拉，即使我从变送器调整伺服也是如此。	2
Instead of facing the whole classroom, teachers could develop a closer relationship with each child while also enriching interaction among the children.	教师不能面对整个教室，而是可以与每一个孩子建立更密切的关系，同时也能丰富儿童之间的互动。	1
Instead of going to the police station the officer takes a little detour.	警察不去警察局，而是绕道。	1
Instead of just being straight, it curled at the ends and her medium length bangs were perfectly groomed to frame her naturally thin face.	它不是直立的，而是在两端弯曲，她中等长度的双弯被完美地修剪成了她自然瘦的脸。	2
Instead of looking affronted, Alice looked excited to explain the mystery behind the golden eyes.	爱丽丝不是看着她的样子，而是很兴奋地解释了金眼背后的神秘。	2
Instead of providing the robust forum that a flexible blog could be, it becoming relatively more and more progandizing.	与其提供灵活的博客所能提供的强大论坛，它变得越来越令人吃惊。	2
Instead of using the computer to find places where single women frequent, why not use the computer to find single women directly .	为什么不使用电脑来查找单身女性经常光顾的地方，而是直接使用电脑来查找单身女性。	1
Instead of white, she had the walls painted a bright teal, a shade identical to the color Brenda most favored when she painted with watercolors.	她的墙壁不是白色，而是一个明亮的茶色，一个与布兰达最喜欢的颜色相同的阴影，当她用水彩画时。	2
Instead, the design consists of two, thin prongs that are set apart the diameter of the average cork, one slightly longer than the other.	相反，该设计由两个细尖头组成，它们将平均软木的直径隔开，一个比另一个略长。	1
Instead the OST wanted their tribal lands back.	相反，《外层空间条约》要求归还部落土地。	0
Instead, they will be required to enter the competition with original music.	相反，他们将被要求以原始音乐进入比赛。	2
Instead they will remain invisible, lingering about and very likely waiting for an opportunity to exact revenge.	相反，他们将不会被察觉，徘徊在那里，并很可能等待一个机会来进行报复。	2
Institutional framework Although major legal and regulatory improvements took place in 1997 and 1998, the institutional framework remains weak and implementation and enforcement are untested.	体制框架虽然在 1997 年和 1998 年进行了重大的法律和规章改进，但体制框架仍然薄弱，执行和执行工作未经测试。	1
In such case, the pro rata shares shall be recalculated and each new subscriber shall pay the new pro rata share, and all subscribers who previously paid a proportionate share shall receive pro rata refunds.	在这种情况下，应重新计算按比例分配的股份，每个新订户应按比例支付新的按比例分配的股份，所有以前按比例支付的订户应按比例退款。	2
Insurance is often paid up to a year in advance, while commercial rent could be prepaid for several months or even annually.	保险通常提前一年支付，而商业租金可以预付几个月甚至一年。	0
Insurance options you may be able to afford when in between jobs.	在工作之间，您可能能够负担得起的保险选项。	1
Integration of technology in the curriculum to support academic standards.	将技术纳入课程以支持学术标准。	0
Integrity control and action sequence control also become more complicated.	完整性控制和操作顺序控制也变得更加复杂。	1
Intended to enable walking and drinking of mineral water directly from the springs, they became part of the spa social life for the rich visitors.	为了能够直接从泉水中行走和饮用矿泉水，他们成为了富有游客的水疗社交生活的一部分。	2
Interaction information allowed us to extend the known properties of one protein with information on its interacting neighbors.	交互信息使我们能够利用一种蛋白质与其相互作用的邻居的信息来扩展其已知属性。	1
Interested students can read more at the SAFE Lab website.	感兴趣的学生可以在安全实验室网站上阅读更多内容。	0
Interesting chapter, I see that the story is even more complex than I initially thought with the secret between Freeza and Videl.	有趣的一章，我看到这个故事比我最初想象的弗里扎和维德尔之间的秘密更加复杂。	2
Interestingly Major General Zacky Anwar was also appointed as Chief Military Liaison Officer for the Indonesian Forces with UNAMET.	有趣的是，扎克 · 安瓦尔少将也被任命为印度尼西亚部队与东帝汶特派团的首席军事联络官。	0
Interesting twist throwing in a sister to Ian and Kyle.	向伊恩和凯尔的妹妹扔一个有趣的东西	1
Interference and obstruction tend to be things you is going to be dealing with to some extent, therefore in no way acknowledge the particular transmission variety promoted because the real world effective array.	干扰和阻碍往往是您在某种程度上要处理的事情，因此，绝不承认特定的传输多样性，因为它是真实的有效阵列。	1
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar says the BP spill taught officials a number of lessons, most importantly to proceed with caution.	内政大臣肯 · 萨拉萨尔表示，英国石油公司的泄漏事件给官员提供了一些教训，最重要的是要谨慎行事。	1
In terms of percentage of the national budget, what percentage did that amount represent?	就国家预算的百分比而言，这一数额所占的百分比是多少？	1
In terms of programs, this school is the fourth largest institution in the state of Illinois offering risk management.	在计划方面，这所学校是伊利诺伊州第四大提供风险管理的机构。	1
Internal fights between Fatah and Hamas in the streets of Gaza Strip was another scene last week in Gaza.	上个星期，法塔赫和哈马斯在加沙地带街头的内部争斗又在加沙发生。	0
Internet connection to various computers within the building is provided only through the proxy server.	与大楼内各种计算机的 Internet 连接只能通过代理服务器提供。	0
Internet provides the tools that people can use when searching for people using a phone number through reverse phone lookup services.	Internet 提供了用户在通过反向电话查找服务搜索使用电话号码的人员时可以使用的工具。	1
Interpack is a major showcase for the industrial packaging industry, where Kompass will be displaying its products.	Interpack 是工业包装行业的一个主要展示， Kompass 公司将在这里展示其产品。	1
Interstate contractors already prequalified with another participating road authority may seek to have their prequalification status recognised by DIER.	已经在另一个参与的道路当局获得资格预审的州际承包商可能会寻求获得 Dier 承认其资格预审身份。	1
In that century of intrigue and amour, we hear of nothing to imply that Michael Angelo was a lover till he reached the age of sixty.	在那个充满阴谋和好笑的世纪里，我们没有听到任何东西暗示迈克尔 · 安吉洛是一个情人直到他 60 岁。	2
In that position he has overseen the WCAS College Advising System, including freshman advising and freshman seminars, as well as the twelve College Advisers who provide guidance to sophomores, juniors, and seniors.	在这一职位上，他监督了 WCAS 学院的咨询系统，包括新生咨询和新生研讨会，以及 12 名学院顾问，他们为索普霍姆人，初中生和老年人提供指导。	2
In that time we will travel to wherever you please doing all the things you wish to do before you die.	在那段时间里，我们将前往您希望在您死前做所有事情的任何地方。	2
In the 1990s, we had a strategy of fiscal discipline that rewarded work and invested in the potential of our people.	在 1990 年代，我们有一项财政纪律战略，奖励工作并投资于我们人民的潜力。	1
In the 2008 survey, respondents were asked to indicate the degree of difficulty they experienced in recruiting for specific IT occupations and specialisations in the last three months.	在 2008 年的调查中，受访者被要求说明在过去三个月中在招聘特定 IT 职业和专业方面遇到的困难程度。	1
In the act of 1862 no provision was made for the exercise of Federal supervision or control of expenditures by the States of funds derived from the operation of the act.	1862 年的法令没有规定由联邦监督或控制各州从该法令的实施中获得的资金的支出。	1
In the article I mentioned above, the Pope shows how joy presupposes inner harmony and serenity, and these in turn arise from the experience of being loved with a love that is true and unfailing.	在我上面提到的文章中，教皇展示了快乐是如何以内在的和谐与安宁为前提的，而这些也是从与真实和不可动摇的爱相处的经历中产生的。	1
In the beginning, the meetings in the Security Council were considered public meetings, which means that every member government who wishes to sit in and listen and react could come and do so.	首先，安全理事会的会议被视为公开会议，这意味着希望坐在安理会中听取意见并作出反应的每个成员国政府都可以来参加并作出反应。	2
In the Carhartt outerwear winter line is a watch cap with the nice added feature of a visor.	在 Carhartt 外衣冬季系列中，有一个护目镜，具有漂亮的附加功能。	1
In the ceremony, each student is given a white lab coat which symbolizes a challenge to accept the educational and professional responsibilities as they pursue their degree.	在仪式上，每位学生都获得了一件白色的实验室外套，这象征着在攻读学位时接受教育和职业责任的挑战。	1
In the class, we explored these problems and tried to find a way to better suburbia by curing these problems.	在课堂上，我们探讨了这些问题，并试图通过解决这些问题来找到一种更好的郊区方式。	2
In the daily use there may be Lifted Leads that are detectable with orthogonal inspection, however, this is significantly dependent on the PCB layout and the applied solder quantity.	在日常使用中，可能会有可通过正交检查检测的起吊导线，但这在很大程度上取决于 PCB 布局和所应用的焊料数量。	1
In the detection component of the theory, it was suggested that potential prey might benefit by living together since a predator is less likely to chance upon a single group than a scattered distribution.	在理论的检测部分，有人认为，潜在的猎物可能因共同生活而受益，因为捕食者对一个群体的机会少于分散分布的可能性。	0
In the downloads section of this tutorial you will find example pages that you can use to work along with the instruction.	在本教程的“下载”部分，您将找到一些示例页，您可以使用这些示例页来处理该说明。	0
In the end both dhampir and belmont were sated in the after glow of their love making.	最后， dhampir 和 Belmont 都被他们的爱之光所深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地深深地	2
In the end if compared to all other tomb raider games it is absoultly a 10 .... and if compared to all games welll...	最后，如果和其他所有的坟墓拉拉伯游戏相比，它绝对是 10 分……如果和所有的游戏相比的话……	2
In the end of the day two friends who own a diesel and a hybrid will be laughing cause they have cars with good mpg.	最后，两个拥有柴油和混合动力的朋友会笑着，因为他们的汽车的垃圾量很好。	2
In the evening and late into the night, the cafes along the edge of Hussey Square put out tables and chairs, filled, especially Friday night, with groups of chattering Egyptians in a happy mood.	晚上和深夜， Hussey 广场边缘的咖啡馆摆放着桌椅，特别是周五晚上，充满了欢喜的埃及人。	1
In the event any provision of this Program Administration and Servicing Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction, such holding shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other provision hereof.	如果本计划管理和服务协议中的任何条款被任何具有管辖权的法院认定无效或无法执行，则此类持有不应使本协议中的任何其他条款无效或无法执行。	1
In the event you pay out the monthly bills on time for a lot of entire time, then this credit card limits tend to be raised regularly.	如果您在整个时间内按时支付每月账单，那么这种信用卡限额通常会定期提高。	2
In the fall of that same year, with a help of few books she started quilting.	同年秋天，在几本书的帮助下，她开始缝纫。	0
In the fast and frantic game, players get to grips with an innovative puzzle game where they have to match the colours of the medicine pills to complete lines.	在快速而疯狂的游戏中，玩家会掌握一个创新的拼图游戏，在游戏中，他们必须将药丸的颜色与完整的线条相匹配。	1
In the first place, the issue of biblical integrity is at stake.	首先，圣经的完整性问题是利害攸关的。	0
In the following posts i will provide more details with regards to this.	我将在以下职位提供有关这方面的更多详情。	1
In the following section, the Lorenz chaos is controlled to track a periodic signals and simulations are presented as well.	在下一节中， Lorenz 混乱被控制以跟踪定期信号，同时还会显示模拟。	2
In the following year, 1795, Spa Fields Chapel was approached for permission to preach a sermon to the various ministers and others by now keenly associated with the plan to send missionaries abroad.	第二年， 1795 年，斯帕里斯教堂被请求允许向各部长和其他人传播布道，现在与派遣传教士到国外的计划有着密切的联系。	2
In the future there may be scope for the content of this award to be used for NQ courses.	将来可能会有机会将此奖项的内容用于 NQ 课程。	0
In the future when hazel and his cohorts take over the world, this will be exactly how BORING each day will be.	在未来，当哈兹和他的同组人接管世界时，这将是每天多么无聊。	2
In the game things do not look half this good from what I remembered.	在比赛中，从我记忆中看，事情并不是那么好。	2
In the imaginative phase new ideas are generated.	在富有想象力的阶段，产生了新的想法。	0
In the Indian state and other body tissues is to make the the air sacs contrives.	在印度国家和其他身体组织，就是使空气圣礼变得更有竞争力。	2
In their places were LW Bob Wren, who played in his first career NHL playoff game, and D Anders Eriksson.	在他们的岗位上，曾参加过第一次职业 NHL 季后赛的 LW Bob Wren 和 D Anders Eriksson 。	2
In the Japanese language it is easier for the character to remain androgynous as it is not necessary to use gender specific words.	在日语中，由于没有必要使用针对性别的词语，因此更容易保持和进行调查。	2
In the kitchen, Cinderella and Rosemarie crack open cold beers and begin playing poker while trading stories and raunchy jokes.	在厨房里，灰姑娘和 Rosemarie 开了冷啤酒，开始在交易故事和不好的笑话的同时玩扑克。	2
In the latter case, such disputes shall be determined by the said national courts, to the exclusion of the Mixed Arbitral Tribunal.	在后一种情况下，这种争端应由上述国家法院裁定，但混合仲裁法庭除外。	0
In the latter SRO productivity of various sorts was the main theme, including classical areas like logistics, production and transport and more recent areas like finance and health care.	在后一种战略成果办公室中，各种类型的生产率是主要的主题，包括物流，生产和运输等传统领域以及金融和医疗保健等最新领域。	1
In the Library and To Go selection, pick up Grand Cru Chocolate bars such as Maracaibo, Madagascar and Edelweiss.	在图书馆和 Go Selection ，挑选大克鲁巧克力棒，如马拉卡伊博，马达加斯加和 Edelweiss 。	2
In the living room is a leather queen sleeper sofa if needed.	客厅有一张皮质大床沙发（如果需要）。	0
In the long run, former prisoners show a moderately lower recidivism and as a tendency they seem to better integrated.	从长远看，前囚犯的惯犯略低，而且他们似乎更好地融入了监狱。	1
In the majority of cases, the person has been injured but is rehabilitated and just in no hurry to go back to work.	在大多数情况下，该人受伤，但得到了康复，没有急于返回工作岗位。	1
In the maritime industry, many steamship lines have created their own programs and provide links to their terminals, customers and inland carrier partners.	在海运业，许多轮船公司都制定了自己的方案，并提供了与码头，客户和内陆承运人伙伴的联系。	0
In the meantime, headed towards her room when her eye caught a glimpse of the parchment James had previously brought.	与此同时，当她的眼睛瞥见詹姆斯以前带来的牧师时，她朝她的房间前进。	2
In the meantime, Jorge Finkielman was playing back some gems he has restored.	与此同时， Jorge Finkielman 正在收回他修复的一些宝石。	0
In the meantime some industries especially those reliant on oil are facing real difficulties.	与此同时，一些行业，特别是那些依赖石油的行业，正面临着真正的困难。	0
In the middle of Salzburg - in the middle of business Business guests value the proximity of the hotel to the important targets.	酒店位于萨尔茨堡中部——位于商务中心，客人非常重视酒店与重要目标的距离。	1
In the midst of slavery many women of African descent were raped, impregnated and forced to give labor whilst serving in the fields of their colonial masters.	在奴隶制中，许多非洲裔妇女被强奸，浸渍并被迫在其殖民主人的田地里工作。	2
In the morning we serve you an ample breakfast buffet.	早上，我们为您提供丰盛的自助早餐。	0
In the most important and decisive questions of external policy the convention also gave the wrong answers.	在最重要和决定性的对外政策问题上，《公约》也给出了错误的答案。	1
In the name of Divine love and light.	以神圣的爱和光明的名义。	0
In the near future there is a city plan to make a new road which will turn it into a corner plot and will raise the value.	在不久的将来，城市计划开辟一条新的道路，这条道路将成为一个角落，并将提高价值。	2
In the next article I will discuss challenges and opportunities in job creation in the city and region.	在下一篇文章中，我将讨论城市和地区在创造就业机会方面的挑战和机会。	0
In the past few months, a total of $60 billion has been poured into the Western big banks, more with each passing week seemingly.	在过去几个月中，总共向西方大银行注入了 600 亿美元，每周似乎都有更多的资金。	1
In the past few months, Grupo Canalex has been especially focusing on actions related to biodynamic agriculture with the plot El Bellicar as a main reference.	在过去几个月中， Grupo Canalex 特别注重与生物动力农业有关的行动，以 El Bellicar 为主要参考。	1
In the past the doors of homes were kept open and they were not considered to be places of retreat.	在过去，房屋的门是敞开的，不被认为是休息的地方。	1
In the past the shark would have ended up dead on the shore with people taking pictures with it.	过去，鲨鱼最终会在岸上死亡，人们会和鲨鱼一起拍照。	2
In the practice of Yoga, each series of poses is followed by a resting pose to integrate and fully receive the benefits of the preceding postures.	在瑜伽练习中，每一系列姿势都有一个休息姿势，以整合并充分享受上述姿势的好处。	1
In the process of carrying out these and other services for the Arab American community, ACCESS has become recognized as an important center for Arab American political activity as well.	在为阿拉伯美国人社区提供这些服务和其他服务的过程中，人们也认识到，进入是阿拉伯美国人政治活动的一个重要中心。	1
In the process of climbing, a snake can cause a power outage by connecting live and grounded conductors.	在爬坡过程中，蛇会通过连接带电导体和接地导体导致断电。	1
In the ranks was a young officer named Yuri Valentinovich Knorosov.	在这一队伍中，一名年轻军官名叫尤里 · 瓦伦蒂诺维奇 · 科诺罗索夫。	0
In the same phone call that it took for la Confrerie to establish the sanctioned murder of Chance Ransom, the Director also had all of my assets frozen.	在 La Confrerie 为确定被批准的谋杀机会赎金而进行的同一个电话通话中，局长还冻结了我的所有资产。	2
In the same plaza is also a convenience store and a Subway Sandwich Shop.	同一广场还有一家便利店和一家赛百味三明治店。	0
In these games you assume the role of an omnipotent being who overlooks a world.	在这些游戏中，您扮演的角色是一个能够忽略世界的全能者。	1
In the shell, pistachio nuts take a bit of effort to extract, but this task keeps a person from eating mindlessly or too fast.	在壳体中，开心果花了一点力气去提取，但这一任务使人不会盲目地吃或吃得太快。	2
In the short term, small numbers of trees can be treated with a systemic insecticide applied to individual trees that kills beetles at a certain stage of development.	从短期看，少量树木可以用系统杀虫剂进行治疗，该杀虫剂适用于在特定发展阶段杀死贝托的个别树木。	0
In the short time that he dated the jock under the guise of Danielle Masters, Danny fell and fell hard for him.	在丹尼尔大师的幌子下，他在短时间内将骑师的装点给他，丹尼摔倒了，并为他感到很硬。	2
In the sky, Christine flipped into a somersault with a half twist and, against the bark of a tree, one foot before the next pushed off of it.	在天空中，克里斯汀半转地跳进了一个阴沉的地方，在树的树皮上，一只脚在下一只脚前推离了它。	2
In the Spring term, the boys looked at creativity with a series of sessions with a graffiti artist.	在春季学期，男孩子们与涂鸦艺术家一起观看了一系列的创作。	1
In the study, it was pointed that it is sometimes difficult to set water and sanitation tariffs at appropriate levels due to political reasons, and that tariff increase after introducing PSP caused problems in some cases.	研究报告指出，由于政治原因，有时很难将水和卫生设施的收费定在适当的水平，在某些情况下，引入 PSP 后的关税增加造成了问题。	1
In the summer of 1836, Webster Stanley came by Durham boat and built a shanty.	1836 年夏天，韦伯斯特 · 斯坦利乘达勒姆船来到这里，建造了棚屋。	0
In the Tenne he was surprised by the active group of TVK with dancers and dialect poems, sung by Reinhold Horn and the traditional band from Elters with musical entertainment.	在通纳，他对活跃的 TVK 舞蹈团和方言诗歌感到惊讶，这些诗歌由 Reinhold Horn 和 Elters 传统乐队演奏音乐。	1
In the United States, if you have a tribe of dirt bike enthusiasts enjoying the rugged terrain in the same place the bird watcher tribe goes to scope finches, you can see the conflict coming, right?	在美国，如果你有一个泥土自行车爱好者的部落在同一个地方享受崎岖的地形，鸟类观察者部落进入了围场，你可以看到冲突的到来，对吗？	2
In this age of Internet and instant connectivity, you will always find a good introductory offer the moment you decide to opt for one.	在这一互联网和即时连接时代，您在决定选择一个时，始终可以找到一个良好的介绍性产品。	1
In this article I'll finish with more important reasons as to why they should be up for consideration.	在本文中，我将以更重要的理由结束讨论，说明为什么应该考虑这些问题。	1
In this brief survey, learn how you may be doing too much work in your analytics and learning processes, and how giving up a little accuracy can gain a lot of performance.	在这份简短的调查中，了解您在分析和学习过程中可能做得太多，以及放弃少量准确性如何获得大量性能。	2
In this case, B does not react explicitly to the most recent commitment under discussion, but the to second most recent one.	在这种情况下， B 没有对讨论中的最新承诺作出明确反应，而是对第二个最近的承诺作出反应。	0
In this case, I am living through pure happenstance just two blocks from the massive venue where the book fair takes place in the Palermo suburb of Buenos Aires.	在这种情况下，我生活在纯粹的偶然之中，距离在布宜诺斯艾利斯的巴勒莫郊区举行书展的大型会场只有两个街区。	1
In this case, Willie wanted to test his claims that his chocolate enhances physical performance in some way.	在这种情况下， Willie 想要检验他的说法，即他的巧克力在某种程度上提高了身体表现。	1
In this connection, the task has been formulated to assess the internal factors of the economic growth in the Ivanovo region.	在这方面，制定了评估伊万诺沃地区经济增长的内部因素的任务。	1
In this context, this paper hopes to analyse the factors that affect the indebtedness of one of the levels of the Public Sector in Spain: the Local Sector.	在这方面，本文件希望分析影响西班牙公共部门一级债务的因素：地方部门。	1
In this edition we focus on strategies for clarifying responsibility and managing attendant risks.	在本版本中，我们将重点关注明确责任和管理相应风险的策略。	0
In this hairstyle she pinned her hair back and left around her shoulders and applied length to her hair as below the shoulder level.	在这种发型中，她将头发向后固定，并将头发留在肩膀周围，并在头发上施加长度，使其低于肩膀水平。	2
In this hilarious addition to the Dilbert library, author Scott Adams supports his contention that all people are weasels.	在 Dilbert 图书馆的这一令人滑稽的新增内容中，作者 Scott Adams 支持他的论点，即所有人都是织织布机。	2
In this paper, I have obviously been limited to making a few theoretical and practical proposals which I hope facilitates critical discussion of the constitution and effects of the present organization of society.	在这份文件中，我显然只限于提出一些理论和实际的建议，我希望这些建议有助于对宪法和目前社会组织的影响进行批判性的讨论。	1
In this paper we will not consider this kind of elements, as their presence seems to be caused by purely phonological reasons without any import whatsoever in the meaning of the word.	在本文件中，我们不会考虑这类元素，因为它们的存在似乎是纯粹的理性原因造成的，没有任何意义上的意义。	1
In this situation is does not seem to be clear what code is tangled: just by comparing lines of code the answer is that the assignments are tangled.	在这种情况下，似乎不清楚哪种代码是相切的：仅仅通过比较代码行，答案是分配是相切的。	2
In this situation, the ground becomes cooled quickly while the air above it retains the heat the ground was holding during the day.	在这种情况下，地面迅速冷却，而地面上方的空气保持着地面白天所保持的热量。	0
In this story, a tribal boy is openly denied the opp ortunity to learn archery from a famous teacher who was appointed to train the local princes.	在这个故事中，一个部落男孩被公开否认从一位著名教师那里学习射箭的机会，这位教师被任命培训当地的王子。	2
In this study we will test the hypothesis that Lef1 regulates the development of posterior hypothalamic neurons by activating genes that regulate their specification, differentiation, and survival.	在本研究中，我们将测试 Lef1 通过激活调节其规格，分化和生存的基因来调节后部下丘脑神经的发育的假设。	2
In this thesis we have implemented two search heuristics.	在这篇论文中，我们实施了两种搜索启发法。	0
In this way the divine Spirit is not in himself but is present in the spirit of man, in the spirit of those who belong to his community.	这样，神的精神不是在他自己身上，而是在人的精神中，在属于他的社区的人的精神中存在。	2
In this way the project manager functions like an automake facility, but it does so unobtrusively.	这样，项目经理就像一个自动化的设施一样工作，但它却是如此低调。	1
In this way, they could redo the experiment with foreknowledge of future and fix whatever went wrong in the last loop.	这样，他们就可以利用对未来的预先认识来重新进行实验，并修复最后一个循环中出现的任何错误。	1
In this writing process, a relatively large number of people were involved, including managing directors and professionals in the field of communication.	在这一编写过程中，有相当多的人参与其中，包括主管和沟通领域的专业人员。	0
In this you have to decide what is right or wrong for you.	在这种情况下，您必须决定对您而言是对还是错。	1
In those they seem to fall in love right away.	在那些人中，他们似乎马上就爱上了他们。	1
In time, standards should develop further and hopefully yield more satisfying results.	及时地，标准应该进一步发展，希望能产生更令人满意的结果。	1
In total there have been 935 incidents of crime and suspicious activity dealt with by Police in the central business area in that period.	在这段期间，警方在中央商业区共处理了 935 宗罪案及可疑活动。	0
Introduction to modern methods of instrumental analysis including separation techniques and spectroscopic and electrochemical methods.	介绍现代仪器分析方法，包括分离技术，光谱和电化学方法。	0
Introduction Valves have been an integral feature of Apache Tomcat since version 4 was introduced over seven years ago.	自 7 年前推出版本 4 以来，引入阀门一直是 Apache Tomcat 的一个不可分割的功能。	0
In turn ear bud users turn up the quantity which damages the ears.	而耳塞用户则会增加损坏耳朵的数量。	2
In turn, this makes teaching the subject exciting for me, and I hope it will be relevant and important to the students regardless of what career paths they take.	反过来，这也让我对这一科目的教学感到兴奋，我希望这一科目对学生来说将是相关和重要的，无论他们走什么职业道路。	1
Inuyasha and the others were trying hard to get her to come back. now that Kikyo was gone they needed her.	伊努伊莎和其他人都在努力让她回来。现在基奎已经走了，他们需要她。	1
Inuyasha pulled it off and placed in on his own back.	伊努伊莎把它拉下来，放在他自己的背上。	1
Inuyasha released an exasperated sigh and shook his head in slight disgust.	伊努伊莎释放了一个愤怒的叹息，并在轻微的阵痛中摇了他的头。	1
Inuyasha remained wary of their surroundings, as they were right in plain sight but Kagome was a bit more relaxed.	伊努伊莎对周围环境保持警惕，因为他们的视线很平坦，但卡古姆有点放松。	2
Invariably with an L plate on, as it had been for the preceding five years or so, and always with some damage inflicted on the moped to make it as loud as possible.	像过去 5 年左右的情况一样，总是有一个 L 形板，并且总是对摩托造成一些损坏，使其尽可能地响亮。	2
Investigate it and make sure no one ever gets treated the way I did.	调查并确保没有人像我那样受到对待。	0
Investigating the activities of a gold smuggler, Dee becomes confused about the reality of the world around her .	在调查金走私者的活动时， Dee 对周围世界的现实感到困惑。	1
Investigators quickly hit on a trail that led them to the father and son.	调查人员很快就找到了一条带他们到父子身边的线索。	0
Investors could begin to aggressively buy the EUR USD on expectations the Dollar may weaken as the market begins to price in a 75 basis point cut by the Fed on December 16.	投资者可能会开始根据预期积极购买欧元美元。随着美联储 12 月 16 日开始以 75 个基点的价格对美元进行定价，美元可能会贬值。	0
Investors should continue to look for new breakouts and signs of accumulation by the major averages.	投资者应继续寻找新的突破和主要平均值的积累迹象。	2
In which case we have like two other options.	在这种情况下，我们还有另外两种选择。	1
In your own example what would have happened if you had maggies with your old source???	在您自己的例子中，如果您与旧来源有讨价还价，会发生什么情况？？？	2
In Zug even the judges are elected by the system of propor- tional representation a very curious development of the system.	在祖格，甚至法官都是通过代议制选举产生的，这是一个非常令人好奇的制度发展。	1
I officially rejoined staff in June of this summer as part of the Neighborhood Youth Ministry team to work with the children and youth on our street.	今年 6 月，我正式重新加入了社区青年部的工作人员队伍，与我们街头的儿童和青年一起工作。	1
I once wrote an interface between Magma and a theorem prover.	我曾经写过马格玛和一个神器之间的一个界面。	1
I only had one more class this morning and then lunch.	今天早上我只上了一堂课，然后吃了午餐。	0
I only met him a few times in my life but from those times i was truely inspired by all the goals he has accomplished in his very short lifetime.	我一生中只见过他几次，但从那以后，他在短短的一生中实现的所有目标都给我带来了真正的启发。	2
I only occasionally come across dead leaves in the line, saying that the work is successful in Nanjing.	我只是偶尔遇到死树叶，说南京的工作是成功的。	1
I only watch the lessons that are applicable to me.	我只看那些对我适用的教训。	1
I only wish I had access to some of that equipment when Ethan was younger.	我只希望我在 Ethan 年轻时能够使用其中的一些设备。	2
I only wish she would have taken the first movement of the concerto a little slower; it was a bit too fast for my taste.	我只希望她能稍微慢一点地完成第一个动作，对我来说，速度有点太快了。	1
I open my eyes and I find myself lying on the couch in a house... not just any house...	我打开眼睛，发现自己躺在沙发上的房子里……而不仅仅是任何房子……	2
I ordered a whiskey with a water back, told him to have one for himself, and to give the other customer a drink on me.	我点了一杯带水的威士忌，告诉他自己喝一杯，给另一位顾客喝一杯。	1
I owe all the video credit to the kids as they have become pretty decent on focusing on the action so all I have to do is direct.	我对孩子们的所有视频都有责任，因为他们已经变得相当体面，专注于行动，所以我只能直接做。	2
I paid a lot of money for these shoes and have always been very happy with my Asics in the past, but these did not live up to my expectations.	我花了很多钱买了这些鞋子，过去对我的阿斯比斯一直很满意，但这些都没有达到我的期望。	1
I participated in the worship ministry in a variety of ways.	我以各种方式参加了礼拜部。	1
I particularly like the background chapters before each crucial battle.	我特别喜欢每场关键战斗之前的背景章节。	0
I personally believe, having spent several months with them, that understandably most of these children have lost confidence in their literacy abilities.	我个人认为，在与他们在一起的几个月之后，可以理解的是，大多数这些儿童对他们的识字能力失去了信心。	2
I personally think that invading Iran is a terrible idea and we should abandon it.	我个人认为，入侵伊朗是一个可怕的想法，我们应该放弃它。	0
I personally thought Sally was manipulative but in a delusional way - unhappy with her life and thinking that things would have been different had she managed to marry Ben instead.	我个人认为 Sally 是操纵性的，但却是一种妄想的方式——对她的生活不满意，并认为如果她能与 Ben 结婚，情况会有所不同。	1
I personaly also believe that the Tigrian people can legitemately claim ownership.	我个人也相信蒂格里安人可以合法地声称拥有所有权。	1
I pick one of the shards of glass up and start running it down my face.	我挑了一个玻璃碎片，然后把它倒在我的脸上。	1
I plan to accomplish both of these goals with writing.	我计划以书面形式实现这两个目标。	1
I plan to continue the trail rides as long as Dr. T is interested in having us.	只要 T 博士对我们感兴趣，我就计划继续骑行。	0
I plan to in the near future when I am here in Florida.	我计划在不久的将来当我在佛罗里达州时。	1
I played for an hour at a time as I got quite bored sitting there and fighting things and doing the quite dull storyline.	我一次打了一个小时，因为我坐着在那里打斗，做了一个相当沉闷的故事情节，我感到很无聊。	2
I posted a blurb about this on in convention thread.	我在会议线程中发布了一个关于此的模板。	2
I posted a link to the Oprah historical fiction suggestions in the discussion group.	我在讨论小组中发布了有关奥普拉历史小说建议的链接。	0
I posted some pics on FB and I think some friends are making appts as we speak to do the same.	我在 FB 上发布了一些照片，我认为一些朋友也在为我们这样做说话。	2
I post there cos I only put in a short paragraph and a couple of pictures, with the intention to do a longer post here and lots of pictures.	我在那里张贴，因为我只在一个短段落和几张照片中张贴，打算在这里张贴更长的帖子和大量的照片。	2
I pray every day the democrats would wake up and see who this man is.	我每天都祈祷民主党人醒来，看看这个人是谁。	1
I pray that every action and every enjoyment you have would be in agreement according to the will of God, that it may be directed to His glory.	我祈祷你们的每一个行动和每一个享受都将根据神的意愿达成一致，使它可能指向他的荣耀。	2
I pray this day gets better and my pain does go away.	我祈祷这一天变得更好，我的痛苦确实消失了。	1
I pray we serve and follow Jesus more and more every day.	我祈祷我们每天都在服务和跟随耶稣。	1
I pray you to deal gently with my brethren.	我祈祷你与我的兄弟温和地打交道。	2
I predict that for at least the next couple of years domestic terrorism is going to continue to rise, which might even lead to civil war or some sort of armed insurrection.	我预测，至少在未来几年，国内恐怖主义将继续上升，甚至可能导致内战或某种武装叛乱。	1
I prefer any stories with Sakura pairings but I like the other basic pairings too.	我更喜欢任何与樱花配对的故事，但我也喜欢其他基本配对。	1
I prepared something of this nature in the next few days and applied.	我在接下来的几天里准备了这种性质的东西并应用了。	2
I presently work in a Pediatric Oncology Clinic as a Patient Care Coordinator during the week.	我目前在儿科肿瘤学诊所工作，在这一周担任患者护理协调员。	1
I pretended to not hear him but then he yelled really loud at me so I did.	我假装没有听到他的声音，但他却大声喊着我，我就这样做了。	2
I printed up all your stories and read them over and over.	我打印了所有你的故事，并一遍又一遍地阅读了这些故事。	1
I probably can stand ignorance but have hard time standing morons.	我也许可以忍受无知，但却很难站得住脚。	2
I promised myself to start taking care of this body.	我保证自己开始负责这个机构。	1
I promise not to write about it though!	我承诺不会写这篇文章！	2
I proudly tip my hat to the owner of this hotel as he has done a perfect job establishing his business.	我自豪地向这家酒店的主人戴帽子，因为他做了一个完美的工作来建立他的业务。	2
I ran tell I was at my favorite place the rose garden.	我说我是在我最喜欢的地方玫瑰园。	1
I ran to the side and controlled the water while distracting everyone by making a table move around with my telekinesis.	我跑向一边，控制着水，同时通过让一张桌子随着我的电话而移动，分散了每个人的注意力。	1
I reached the entrance boulder and found the door open.	我到达入口巨石，发现门打开了。	0
I read Rookiemag as often as I can.	我尽可能多地阅读 Roookiemag 。	1
I read somewhere that there are an extraordinary number of manuscripts submitted each day.	我在某处读到，每天提交的手稿数量非常多。	1
I read that and was like, hmmm i wonder if that was accidental.	我读了这个，就像，嗯，我不知道这是否是偶然的。	2
I realised I had to cut out these wrong type of foods I was eating and to also drink far less alcohol.	我意识到我不得不把我吃的这些错误类型的食物切成小部分，同时也要少喝太多的酒精。	1
I realized at the food in front of them was just for show.	我意识到他们面前的食物只是为了展示。	0
I realized I do better at taking something that already exists and portraying it in a different light.	我意识到，我更好地利用已经存在的东西，用不同的角度描绘它。	0
I realized my need of Him and returned to serving Him with all my heart.	我意识到了我对他的需要，并全心全意地为他服务。	1
I realized that all things happen for a reason.	我意识到所有事情都发生是有原因的。	0
I realize security is expensive although some of the numbers thrown around are absurdly high.	我意识到安全是昂贵的，尽管所抛出的一些数字是荒谬的。	2
I realize that it was not by accident that I was reared in a home that prepared me to recognize the promptings of the Spirit.	我意识到，我在一个让我意识到精神的迅速性的家庭里被叫是偶然的。	2
I realize this option is not desirable or even available for all women wishing to transition back in, but I hope that it gives a few an additional option to consider.	我意识到这一选择不是所有希望回归的妇女都希望的，甚至可以使用，但我希望它能提供一些额外的选择供考虑。	2
I really appreciate you all for helping me out so much.	我非常感谢你们为我提供了如此多的帮助。	0
I really do wish your image was on the big screen.	我真的希望你的形象出现在大屏幕上。	0
I really feel for all the people displaced by the flooding...	我真的很喜欢所有因洪水而流离失所的人 ...	2
I really hope her credibility takes a major hit in a few months to the point where she loses any political momentum, for Alaskan politics or anywhere else.	我真的希望她的信誉在几个月内受到重大影响，使她失去任何政治动力，对阿拉斯加政治或其他任何地方都是如此。	1
I really liked this chapter because it shows some real growth from your previous stories.	我真的很喜欢这一章，因为它显示了与您以前的故事相比的一些真正增长。	2
I really like UN especially as an alternate agent.	我真的很喜欢联合国，特别是作为一个替代代理人。	2
I really lov fanfictions showing how could Andromeda sacrifice himself for Hyoga.	我真的很喜欢洛夫的幻想，展示了安德罗达如何为希奥加牺牲自己。	1
I really really do love you and this story and it saddens me now that its ending but all good things come to an end right?	我真的很爱你和这个故事，现在它结束了，但所有好东西都结束了，这让我感到悲伤？	1
I really understand how she feels, this has really thaught me something.	我真的理解她的感觉，这真的让我想起了一些东西。	1
I really want to know what and where the threat is.	我真的想知道威胁是什么以及在哪里。	1
I really want to make my parents proud.	我真的想让我的父母感到骄傲。	0
I recently came across this post about how toxic candles are at the Nourishing Our Children blog.	我最近在《滋养我们的孩子》博客上看到了这篇关于有毒蜡烛的文章。	0
I recently reviewed a paper that fits the above example well, a study where apparently little information was available for developing meaningful candidate models.	我最近审查了一份很适合上述示例的文件，这份研究报告中显然没有什么可用于制定有意义的候选人模式的信息。	1
I recently sat down with Morten Hallgren to gather some of his thoughts on winemaking in the Finger Lakes.	我最近和莫滕 · 哈尔格伦坐下来，收集他对五指湖酿酒的一些想法。	1
I recognized that I was very busy, and understood that the only way I could slow down was to spend more time with God.	我认识到我很忙，明白我唯一能放慢脚步的方法是花更多时间与上帝相处。	1
I recognize that the feelings behind both positions are often signs of core issues that require an atmosphere of deep trust before they will be shared.	我认识到，这两种立场背后的感受往往是核心问题的迹象，需要有一种高度信任的气氛才能分享这些问题。	0
I recommend taking some time on holiday to visit the sea.	我建议您在度假时花些时间去海边游玩。	0
I refused to let Sirius Black slip out of James and my lives when he was trying to, and we became closer.	我拒绝让 Sirius Black 在詹姆斯尝试时脱离我的生活，我们变得更近了。	2
I reiterate that this is a sequel to an earlier story and so you might want to read it to understand some of the allusions.	我重申，这是对先前一个故事的延续，因此你可能想阅读它以理解其中的一些暗示。	2
Ireland actually has the potential to become an energy exporter, as opposed to a nation so heavily dependent on energy importation.	爱尔兰实际上有潜力成为能源出口国，而不是一个严重依赖能源进口的国家。	0
I released it as I began towards my new target.	我在开始实现我的新目标时释放了它。	2
I remember my first paper came back and it looked like Jason from Friday the 13th had stabbed it to death, there were so many red marks on it.	我记得我的第一篇文章回来了，看起来像杰森从 13 日星期五把它刺死了，上面有很多红色的痕迹。	2
I remember playing Jetpac back in 1982, boy have I been playing games too long.	我记得 1982 年玩捷佩奇，我玩游戏太久了。	1
I remember sitting at a table by myself in the Red Lion Hotel bar on Monday evening.	我记得周一晚上我自己坐在红狮酒店酒吧的一张桌子上。	1
I rescued her from both the pits of Hell and the disgust of poverty.	我把她从地狱的坑里和贫困的厌恶中救出来。	1
I reserve the right to reject bids from bidders with negative feedback or no feedback.	我保留拒绝来自有负面反馈或无反馈的投标人的投标的权利。	1
I respect ton of Feaster, who in the world is John Tortorella won the Stanley Cup, and this has earned the right to have their way.	我尊敬在世界各地赢得斯坦利杯冠军的费斯特顿，他赢得了他们的权利。	2
I respect your beliefs and appreciate your respect for the facts.	我尊重您的信仰，感谢您对事实的尊重。	0
I returned to the Jordan Commons Megaplex Theater without much hope of recovery.	我回到了 Jordan Commons Megaplex 剧院，没有太多的复苏希望。	2
I ridged ground for Irish potatoes in old garden in morn.	我在一个古老的花园里吃了爱尔兰土豆。	2
I ripped the SACD into my MP3 library and compared it to my existing files ripped from a regular CD.	我将 SACD 翻录到我的 MP3 库中，并将其与从常规 CD 中翻录的现有文件进行比较。	1
Irish hotties Glyder get most of the people already on the right side of the door in the mood.	爱尔兰的热辣者让大多数人都已经在门口的右边，心情很好。	2
I rubbed the back of my neck and felt all the dirt and grime.	我把脖子的背部擦起来，感受到了所有的污垢和污垢。	2
Iruka chirped brightly beginning the lesson for the day not noticing the earlier tension between his students.	伊鲁卡在当天的课程开始时发出了明亮的鸣声，没有注意到学生之间的紧张关系。	2
Iruka knew he had hit his target after that and to hear his name said like that... it was enough to drive him so close to the egde, he was stumbling.	伊鲁卡知道他在那之后击中了他的目标，并且听到他的名字就这样说了……这足以让他如此接近黑格，他正在摇摇晃晃。	2
Iruka opens it and you run out and hide behind him.	伊鲁卡打开了它，你跑出去，躲在他后面。	2
Iru looked away from Ryu then got up.	伊鲁望着龙，然后起来了。	2
I run to you and bring you into and eternal kiss.	我向你跑过来，把你带入并永远亲吻。	2
Isaac is asked to trust that the ultimate Divine force in the universe would never ask a father to slaughter his son.	以撒被要求相信宇宙中的最终神力永远不会要求父亲杀死他的儿子。	1
Isaac sighs, drawing her out of her reverie and throwing her a sympathetic look.	以撒叹息，把她从崇敬中拉出来，给她一个同情的样子。	2
Is Abbey Shore to blame for the problems these future humans face?	这些未来人类所面临的问题是由修道院海岸负责吗？	1
I said mostly to myself as Amy and Rory whispered quietly to each other.	我对自己说得多，因为艾米和罗里悄悄地彼此说话。	2
I sat down at my desk and they turned to around to glare at me.	我坐在我的桌子旁，他们转身向我眩光。	0
I saw him for the first time when we were entering the faculty of the aircraft enjine of Kazan Aviation Institute.	当我们进入喀山航空学院的飞机学校时，我第一次见到他。	1
I saw the carnage that was done and I knew then that Maddog was truly in for the fight of his life.	我看到了所发生的大屠杀，然后我就知道马多格是为了他的生命而真正参与的。	2
I saw you was trying to get some sympathy for karai. why?	我看到你在为卡拉伊争取一些同情。为什么？	0
I say that as someone from an agricultural State, from an agricultural family, who has been Secretary of Agriculture for the State of Kansas and has a degree in agriculture.	我说，作为一个农业国家的人，一个农业家庭的人，他曾担任堪萨斯州的农业部长，并拥有农业学位。	1
ISBSG ISBSG, the International Software Benchmarking Standards Group, is the leading global and independent source of data and analysis for the IT industry.	ISBSG ISBSG 是国际软件基准标准组，是 IT 行业领先的全球独立数据和分析来源。	0
Is BUSH just going to sit in Texas and wait without words until pigs fly or what?	布什是不是要坐在德克萨斯，不说，等到猪飞了，还是什么？	2
Is Cologne ever going to find out the truth about Ranma?	科隆是否会发现兰玛的真相？	0
I screamed and flew up out of his grasp and rammed into the ceiling before I was able to stop myself.	我尖叫着，从他的手握上飞出，在我能够阻止自己之前，我冲进天花板。	2
I seated a man accompanied by his son.	我坐在一个有他儿子陪伴的人的座位上。	2
I see Nigel as the WW of the W – very little makeup required.	我认为 Nigel 是 W 的 WW —几乎不需要化妆。	2
I see only further improvement down the road and I thank my lucky stars for this miraculous product.	我只看到道路上的进一步改善，我感谢我的幸运之星给我带来的这一神奇的产品。	1
I seriously am in love with this fic!	我真的爱上了这个地方！	0
I seriously question the truthfulness of many of these claims.	我严重质疑其中许多说法的真实性。	0
I settled back into the chair and felt Scorpius' arm snake around my waist and pulled me close.	我回到椅子上，在我的腰部感觉到了斯特里斯的手臂蛇，把我拉近了。	2
I set up the telescope as close to the edge as I could and brought one of the stools over to it.	我把望远镜放在尽可能靠近边缘的地方，把一把凳子带到那里。	1
Is he further ahead than you expected him to be?	他是否比您预期的要远？	1
I shook my head almost too fast proving further that I was lying.	我几乎太快地摇晃了我的头，进一步证明我在撒谎。	1
I should have known that you would always love her.	我应该知道你会永远爱她。	0
I should have told you all this before you left.	我应该在你离开之前告诉你所有这些。	0
I shuffled and stumbled around my room trying to get ready without killing myself and make myself look some what decent in the process.	我在我的房间里来回穿梭，试图做好准备而不会让自己感到自己的心，让自己在这个过程中看起来像样的东西。	2
Is human hearing uniformly sensitive to all audible frequencies, and does its sensitivity to different frequencies depend on their intensity?	人的听力是否对所有声音频率都是一致的敏感，其对不同频率的敏感度是否取决于其强度？	0
I sighed again more loudly this time and rubbed my tired eyes.	这次我又大声地叹息，擦了我疲惫的眼睛。	0
I simply call myself an explorer and let it go at that.	我只说自己是一个探险家，让它去做。	2
I simply want to remit 100$ money to somebody to buy a product and I realized that I had to pay 25$ to send money to others.	我只是想把 100 美元的钱交给某人购买产品，我意识到我必须支付 25 美元才能把钱寄给他人。	0
Is Ireland lagging due to a lack of similarly proactive and strategic initiatives?	爱尔兰是否因为缺乏类似的积极主动和战略举措而落后？	1
Is it helpful or annoying to have links automatically open in a new window?	在新窗口中自动打开链接是否有帮助或令人厌烦？	1
Is it ok to say I would only buy it once its taxed and serviced?	我只会在它被征税和服务后才购买它吗？	2
Is it possible to be taken to Heaven in the Spirit while in deep prayer and come back to the body?	在祈祷的时候，能否在圣灵中被带到天国，回到身体上呢？	2
Is it possible to buy them at the door?	是否可以在门口购买？	0
Is it true Obama would cut off Plan Colombia military aid to our ally, which would serve the terrorist group FARC's interests?	难道奥巴马会切断对我们盟友的哥伦比亚计划军事援助吗？这将为恐怖主义组织哥伦比亚革命武装力量的利益服务？	1
Is James still angry with Remus and not getting his advice?	詹姆斯是否仍对 Remus 感到愤怒，没有得到他的建议？	2
Islamists have since regrouped and are gaining strength.	自那时以来，伊斯兰主义者重新集结，并正在增强力量。	1
I slid down his torso, on my way to licking his hipbones, when there was another loud crash.	我在我去舔他的河马的路上滑下了他的躯干，这时又发生了一次大碰撞。	2
I slipped with a gasp; my back hit the dirty floor with a painful pull of gravity.	我带着一只小气滑了下来，我的背部用痛苦的重力击打了肮脏的地板。	2
I smack Danny with an exercise ball after my boss calls him into the office.	当我的老板叫丹尼进办公室后，我用一个练习球打他。	1
I smiled and my heart started to beat like crazy and the butterflies in my stomach started to fly and I also blushed a little.	我笑了笑，我的心开始像疯一样跳动，我的胃里的蝴蝶开始飞，我也有点发了。	2
I smiled even if tears were flowing down my cheeks.	即使眼泪流下了脸，我也笑了起来。	2
I sniffed and nodded, reluctantly pulling myself away from him and going to sit on the bed.	我嗅了一下，点头，不情愿地把自己从他身边拉出来，坐在床上。	1
I soaked in the bath tub and sighed as I turn off the faucet.	当我关掉水龙头的时候，我在浴缸里泡了澡，并叹息了。	1
I so am interested by all concerning you.	我对你们都很感兴趣。	0
I sometimes can beat myself up for not being a stronger Christian.	我有时会因为不是一个更强大的基督徒而被击败。	1
I sorted through them until I found one in her size.	我整理了这些，直到我找到了一个她的尺码。	1
ISOs And Wash Sales: A Trap Within A Trap Kaye Thomas A trap awaits those who, after selling shares from exercised ISOs to avoid AMT, want to buy back the stock.	ISO 和 WASH 销售：陷阱中的陷阱 Kaye Thomas 陷阱等待那些为了逃避 AMT 而从已行使的 ISO 出售股票后想要回购股票的人。	1
I spend the rest of the night awake, and when morning comes, I feel like a zombie.	我把剩下的时间都睡醒了，当早晨到来的时候，我就像一个僵尸。	2
I spent all weekend listening to rap music.	我整个周末都在听说唱音乐。	0
I sporadically placed green glass leaves coming off of the scrolling vine.	我不时地将绿叶从滚轮的葡萄树上脱落。	2
Israel controls 80 percent of the aquifers in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, and as the drought has dragged on through the summer, many Palestinian towns and villages have water only one or two days a week.	以色列控制着西岸和加沙地带 80% 的含水层，随着干旱持续到夏天，许多巴勒斯坦城镇和村庄每周只能有一两天的水。	1
Israel had nowhere to go and no one specific to ask the question concerning leadership.	以色列无处可去，也没有人专门问有关领导的问题。	1
Israeli authorities are not required to inform applicants about the basis of the allegations of their relatives or to give them the opportunity to challenge those allegations.	以色列当局不需要将其亲属指控的依据告知申请人，也不需要让他们有机会对这些指控提出质疑。	1
Is Sarah Palin stirring up angst in anyone elses world?	莎拉 · 帕林在任何一个地球上都是在激昂吗？	2
Is sexuality important enough in the scheme of things?	性行为在计划中是否足够重要？	1
Is Siri the best option out there, on the individual user can decide for themselves but probably not.	Siri 是最好的选择，个人用户可以自行决定，但可能不会。	2
Is Slovakia seeking to show its example to other countries?	斯洛伐克是否在寻求向其他国家展示自己的榜样？	1
Issues with Delicate Plumbing Elements: There are delicate elements and even hazardous for a novice to repair.	棘手的管道元件问题：有一些微妙的元素，甚至对新手来说很危险。	1
I stand before you today with a confession to make.	我今天站在你们面前，供认出来。	1
I stared at him dumbfound as he walked out of the building, not giving a glance behind him.	当他走出大楼时，我盯着他的哑铃，而不是看着他的背后。	0
I stared at him for a little longer.	我盯着他看了一会儿。	0
I stared at him for a really long time.	我盯着他很久了。	0
I stared in amazement as the prick in my finger healed while I watched.	当我看着时，手指上的刺刺痛了起来，我感到惊讶。	1
I started laughing out loud when I got mailers from Brown using the same rhetoric from '03.	当我收到布朗的邮件时，我开始大声笑出来，使用了 03 年的同样的语言。	2
I started out with a beta blocker which slows the heart rate down.	我开始的时候有一个 β 阻滞剂，它降低了心率。	2
I started reading this along with the Bookies schedule back on the 27th May &amp; finished it this morning slightly ahead of schedule because I just HAD to finish.	我在 5 月 27 日开始阅读这一书以及书签时间表，今天上午稍微提前完成了，因为我只能完成。	2
I started thinking about it the other day – signs that you could be in love with Nick Stokes.	有一天我开始思考这个问题——这表明你可能会爱上尼克 · 斯托克斯。	1
I started this actually all the way back in 2009.	我从 2009 年开始就开始了。	0
I started walking toward my home when Percy grabs my hand and says that if I came with him everything will make sense to me.	当佩西抓住我的手时，我开始走到我的家，说如果我和他一起来，一切对我来说都是有意义的。	1
I stayed in a luxurious honeymoon bure with cushy furnishings, stocked in room bar, oversized jetted tub, indoor outdoor shower, spacious furnished deck and private stairs to the lovely beach below.	我住在一个豪华的蜜月别墅里，家具陈设很华丽，房间里有酒吧，超大的喷射浴缸，室内室外淋浴，宽敞的装饰甲板和通往下面美丽海滩的私人楼梯。	1
I stayed in Anse Chastanet and my room was great.	我住在 Anse Chatanet ，我的房间很棒	1
I stayed up all night thinking what the new class would be but nothing came to me.	我整晚都在想着新班会是什么，但我什么也没想到。	1
I stay up to date on all the newest web resources.	我会及时了解所有最新的 Web 资源。	0
I stay well away fron the woods during deer season.	在鹿季期间，我会远离树林。	1
Is that the image you have of me within you mind?	这是你心中的我的形象吗？	2
Is that why you have followed us here?	这是您关注我们的原因吗？	0
Is the actual location of your company an asset?	贵公司的实际位置是否为资产？	1
Is the demand for rationality in legal affairs justified?	法律事务合理性的要求是否合理？	1
Is the equity rally that started in early March a head fake?	3 月初开始的股权集会是假的吗？	1
Is the ITS Action Plan only targeting road transport or also othe...?	其行动计划是否仅针对公路运输，还是也针对 ... ？	0
Is there a list started for the pot luck?	是否有一个名单开始为锅杯幸运而发布？	2
Is there any final statement you wish to make or are you content?	您是否希望做出任何最终声明，或者您是否满足？	1
Is there a way to tell TDC without tearing it apart?	是否有办法在不将 TDC 撕裂的情况下将其告知 TDC ？	1
Is there ever an end to the amount of things that we collect for our kids, that our kids collect for us, or the millions of toys that seem to quadruple simultaneously?	我们为孩子收集的东西数量，我们的孩子为我们收集的东西数量，还是数百万看起来同时四倍的玩具的数量，都已经结束了吗？	1
Is there excess precipitate in the auramine solution?	在 auramine 溶液中是否存在过量沉淀？	1
Is there in fact a system that will enable me to maximize my chance of hitting the large one or at least making cash?	事实上，是否有一个能让我最大限度地利用大笔资金或至少是现金的系统？	1
Is there nothing else going on in entertainment and pop culture?	在娱乐和流行文化中没有其他事情发生？	1
Is this the most economically profitable way of doing things?	这是否是最经济实惠的做事方式？	1
I still do not get why I loved these and those reality shows….	我仍然不明白为什么我喜欢这些和这些现实… …	2
I still open up anything and the screen remains blank.	我仍然打开任何内容，屏幕仍为空白。	1
I still think it is a good article.	我仍然认为这是一篇好文章。	0
I still think it is very strange for a 17 years old to travel in September when school has already started.	我仍然认为，一个 17 岁的孩子在 9 月上学已经开始的时候去旅行是非常奇怪的。	1
I still walked and made the people riding the belt beside me gasp.	我仍然走着，让坐在我身边的人喘口气。	2
I still want to know what happened to Seta Soujiro from Rurouni Kenshin.	我还想知道 Rurouni Kenshin 的 Seta Soujiro 发生了什么。	1
I stopped abruptly, causing him to almost run into me and turned sharply on the ball of my feet.	我突然停下来，使他几乎跑进了我，并在我脚的球上急转。	2
I strongly encourage all employees to become familiar with our Plan.	我强烈鼓励所有员工熟悉我们的计划。	0
I stuff my hands into my pockets and turn away, everything in my head is mixing all the things I know.	我把手放在口袋里，然后转身离开，我脑袋里的一切都在混合着我所知道的一切。	2
I stumble across this story when a girl told me about fan fiction on Facebook.	当一个女孩在 Facebook 上告诉我粉丝小说时，我偶然发现了这个故事。	1
I stumbled across it a few weeks ago and I'm obsessed with it.	几周前我偶然发现了它，我对此着迷。	0
I stumbled over to the door that I had come in and banged on the door.	我偶然发现了我进来的门，然后敲了门。	2
I subbed two years ago when I was between positions, but this year has been much more difficult.	两年前当我处于两个职位之间时，我曾作过小调，但今年的困难要大得多。	2
I submitted the exam and waited to see a disappointing score only to find that I passed!	我提交了考试，并等待看到一个令人失望的分数，结果发现我通过了考试！	0
I suggest an abstention is not a vote.	我建议弃权不是一项表决。	0
I suggested the glass like tubes were the most significant, because they indicated a subway like transportation system.	我认为玻璃管是最重要的，因为它们表明了一个类似地铁的运输系统。	2
I suggest that even kind can be inferred from degree but this is more of a hypothesis, and that this inference cannot be informed or verified from within web analytics itself.	我建议从程度上可以推断出甚至种类，但这更像是一个假设，而这一推论不能从网络分析本身得到信息或核实。	2
I suggest the problem is more comprehension than expression.	我认为问题是理解而非表达。	0
I suggest you find your teachers and train until then.	我建议你找到你的老师并训练到那时。	1
I suggest you to give a proper details of your payments &amp; the events you are trying to participate in so that a clarity is achieved.	我建议您提供有关您的付款和您尝试参与的事件的适当详细信息，以便明确了解情况。	1
I suppose another option is you could head directly south to Teirra del Fuego, turn and face westward and therefore be looking at the pacific.	我想另一个选择是，你可以直接向南到 Teirra del Fuego ，向西转向，因此可以看到太平洋。	2
I suppose I am an old fashioned house manager type -I oversee this element of the house running.	我想我是一个老式的房子经理 - 我监督这个房子的运作要素。	2
I suppose I could come out to strangers today.	我想我今天可以出来和陌生人见面。	1
I suspect that it is possible, and that it is just my complete lack of knowledge of Applescript that is hindering me.	我怀疑这是可能的，而正是我对 AppleScript 完全缺乏了解的情况阻碍了我的工作。	1
I suspect within my life time there will be some serious upheavals over the one way street this is delivered.	我怀疑在我的一生中，这条路会发生一些严重的动荡。	1
I swoon: any number of cans can be forgiven if a person can make bechemel!	我还在晃动：如果一个人能做大麻，就可以原谅任何数量的罐！	2
Is your facility inclusive of all patients' significant others regardless of their sexual preference?	您的医院是否包括所有患者的重要其他人，无论其性偏好如何？	2
Is your throat sore even when you dont have a cold or any other type of infection?	即使没有感冒或其他类型的感染，您的喉咙是否痛？	1
Is Yves Saint Laurent a French fashion house or an Italian one, because it was bought by Gucci?	伊夫 · 圣劳伦特是法国时装店还是意大利时装店，因为它是古驰买的？	2
Itachi did not have to turn to know who it was, it was far to obvious by the red cheeks his best friend had.	伊塔奇不需要转向知道是谁，他最好的朋友所拥有的红脸颊是显而易见的。	1
I take advantage of the cool weather to make two liters of drinking water.	我利用凉爽的天气来生产两升饮用水。	2
I take comments on the whole setup aswell, but I understand this is not the forum to talk about the whole lot.	我对整个安排也有意见，但我知道这不是讨论整个过程的论坛。	1
I take it getting them paid off with the same crappy score is better looking than not paid off with a crappy score?	我认为以同样的蹩脚分数让他们获得回报比不以蹩脚的分数获得回报更好？	1
I take that opportunity to ask her if she wants to try to stand again tonight.	我借此机会询问她是否想今晚再次站立。	1
I take the approach that as long as it does not infringe on my goings and comings or interfere with my sleep they can do what they please.	我的做法是，只要不侵犯我的目标，不妨碍我的睡眠，他们就可以做他们所希望做的事。	0
I take the earbud he offers to me with a word of thanks and he nods.	我带着他给我的耳塞，向我表示感谢，他不会。	2
I talked to him and now to wait for the biopsy.	我和他谈过，现在要等活检。	0
It all made Loki all the more resentful and bitter.	这一切都使洛基更加愤怒和痛苦。	0
It allows information to be changed without long delays or frustrating page refreshes.	它允许在不延迟很长时间或令人沮丧的页面刷新的情况下更改信息。	1
It all started with this letter that Fred sent to the Green Party...	这一切都始于 Fred 给绿党的这封信 ...	0
It also aims to raise the proportion of domestic demand met by Hungarian companies by boosting their competitiveness, expanding their markets and raising consumer awareness.	它还旨在通过提高匈牙利公司的竞争力，扩大其市场和提高消费者意识来提高其满足国内需求的比例。	1
It also checks the vomiting of women at gestation periods and motion sickness.	它还检查妇女在妊娠期的呕吐和运动疾病。	1
It also contains archive material from 2000 and provides access to a range of information under topic specific categories.	它还包含 2000 年的档案材料，并提供了对专题特定类别下一系列信息的访问。	0
It also encourages the State party to devise programmes for alternate sources of income for those who perform female genital mutilation as a means of livelihood.	委员会还鼓励缔约国为那些以切割女性生殖器官作为谋生手段的人制定替代收入来源方案。	1
It also features sex tips for beginners and advanced players!	它还为初学者和高级球员提供了性提示！	0
It also has its fair share of interesting sights, such as the National Museum of the Melanesian Cultural Village which shows different types of houses that are native to the islands.	它还拥有众多有趣的景点，如美拉尼西亚文化村国家博物馆，那里展示了岛上不同类型的本土房屋。	1
It also has some of the profit going towards the RSPCA.	它也有一部分利润用于 RSPCA 。	0
It also helps to have personnel available to watch kids so parents can have a night out on their own.	它还有助于让工作人员可以观察孩子，以便父母可以独自度过一个夜晚。	1
It also highlighted the suggestion of former Chief Economist of World Bank Joseph Stiglitz concerning the response to the economic crisis.	它还强调了世界银行前首席经济学家约瑟夫 · 斯蒂格利茨关于应对经济危机的建议。	0
It also includes function key shortcuts at the bottom of the screen.	它还包括屏幕底部的功能键快捷方式。	0
It also marks one of the most significant deals for Pfizer as the company seeks a foothold in selling similar versions of biotechnology medicines.	这也是 Pfizer 最重要的交易之一，因为该公司寻求在销售类似版本的生物技术药物方面立足。	2
It also offers rich options for you to customize to get various output video sizes.	它还为您提供了丰富的自定义选项，以获得各种输出视频大小。	0
It also passes the standard by the ISO so you can be sure that it is made from the highest quality materials.	它还通过 ISO 标准，因此您可以确保它由最高质量的材料制成。	1
It also provides the contact details of each and every Polytechnic Colleges in Jammu and Kashmir.	它还提供查谟和克什米尔各理工学院的详细联系信息。	1
It also requires clinicians and researchers with bold vision.	它还需要有远见卓识的临床医生和研究人员。	0
It also soothes the wound helping take away the pain and discomfort.	它还能缓解伤口，帮助消除疼痛和不适。	0
It also takes into account the diverse and potentially complex individual health issues of people in detention.	It also takes into account the diverse and potentially complex individual health issues of people in detention.	2
It also works well as a utility blade to carry in the truck of the car for emergencies or better yet in the glovebox.	它还可以作为一个实用工具刀片，在紧急情况下或在杂物箱中搬运卡车。	2
It appeared to have veered into a pole and the hood was damaged.	It appeared to have veered into a pole and the hood was damaged.	2
It appears above the need for a flexible team, which can be programmed waveforms and record data associated with each signal.	在需要灵活的团队的同时，这一团队可以编程波形并记录与每个信号相关的数据。	1
It appears that American use of the military during the events after the Vietnam War was quite minimal, often exerting their influence through proxy wars rather than direct military confrontation.	看来，美国在越南战争后的事件中使用军队的情况相当少，往往是通过代理战争而不是直接的军事对抗来施加影响。	1
It appears that latest IP you were assigned has been automatically blocked as an open proxy .	您分配的最新 IP 似乎已被自动作为开放代理阻止。	1
It appears that the Eurozone debt crisis will not go away.	欧元区债务危机似乎不会消失。	0
It appears that the North wall of the nave has been rebuilt at both ends at an unknown time.	看来，在一个未知的时刻，北方的北墙已经在两端重建。	1
It asked the Soviet Union to state in specific terms what it found objectionable in such an inspection procedure so that the objections could be taken into account.	它要求苏联具体说明它认为在这种视察程序中哪些是不可接受的，以便考虑到反对意见。	0
It attempts to serve those who experience sexual pathology, but the definition of sexual pathology often fails to consider the broad range of human sexual activity and its developmental aspects.	它试图为那些经历性病理学的人服务，但性病理学的定义往往没有考虑到广泛的人类性活动及其发展方面。	1
It automatically updates itself, so you can be assured that you are getting the right time for the places you have set it up for.	它会自动更新，因此您可以确信您获得了正确的时间来设置它的位置。	2
It bears repetition that the category of totality does not in any way dissolve its constituent elements into an undifferentiated unity, into one identity.	值得重复的是，整体类别绝不会以任何方式将其组成要素分解为一个没有区别的统一，变成一个特征。	2
It became clear that a collaborative approach spanning several subject areas would prove beneficial.	显然，跨越几个主题领域的合作办法将证明是有益的。	1
It becomes very hard for the team to get Alan to hear what we are saying and so we all make our way slowly outside.	团队很难让 Alan 听到我们所说的内容，因此我们都在外面慢慢走。	0
It bothered him that the dog demon was looking at the little medic in such a way.	这让他感到困扰的是，狗魔以这样的方式看待这一小冥想。	2
It breaks my heart to hear what state little Edward was found in!	听到小爱德华州被发现的声音让我心碎！	1
It brings awareness of the abuse and neglect of children throughout this world.	它使人们认识到全世界对儿童的虐待和忽视。	0
It calmed me a little but still my fingers twitched in rage.	它让我平静了一点，但我的手指仍在怒气冲。	2
It can also be an effect of some types of hepatitis, which is commonly caught through sharing needles in intravenous drug use.	它也可能是某些类型的肝炎的影响，这些类型的肝炎通常是通过在静脉注射药物中共用针头而捕获的。	1
It can also be good to take my own car and decorate with flowers.	我也可以自己开车，用鲜花装饰。	2
It can also be used by a bank as the originator bank to connect to a destination bank or to a party with a payment processing function.	银行也可以将其用作汇款行，以连接到目的地银行或具有付款处理功能的一方。	1
It can be always advised apt scout the region prior apt taking photos of it.	在拍摄该地区的照片之前，我们总是建议您先对该地区进行定位。	0
It can be any sort or realtionship betweent the two characters.	它可以是与两个字符不同的任何类型或领域。	2
It can be argued that the noted statistics, although disquieting, still does not show the worst side of the current judicial crisis.	可以说，虽然令人不安的统计数字仍然没有显示当前司法危机的最坏一面。	1
It can be introduced as a result of a policy decision by the strategic (or suprastrategic) authority.	可以通过战略（或超战略）当局的政策决定来引入。	1
It can be made to do so using various software tricks (such as when you store a song on your computer), but computer memory does not do this automatically.	可以使用各种软件技巧（例如在计算机上存储歌曲时）来执行此操作，但计算机内存不会自动执行此操作。	1
It cannot be asserted that the water problem has worsened during the past 20 years without information provided on water quality before.	不能说，过去 20 年来，如果没有提供关于水质的资料，水问题就更加恶化了。	2
It can often mean a fluctuating workforce presence and challenging acoustic levels.	这通常意味着员工人数的波动和具有挑战性的声级。	2
It can only be to soften up the American mind to accept mass murder!	这只能是软化美国的头脑，接受大规模屠杀！	2
It can streamline the financial division by means of Excel as effectively as supply much must have business and assistance for Office administrators through Microsoft Difficult tas.	它可以通过 Excel 来简化财务部门，因为供应部门必须通过 Microsoft 困难 TAS 为 Office 管理员提供业务和帮助。	1
It can take a very long time for bowel function to return after this type of serious surgery.	在这种严重手术后，肠功能可能需要很长时间才能恢复。	1
It certainly does not make sense to try and repeat the economic experiments carried out with China in the 1970s.	尝试和重复 1970 年代与中国进行的经济试验当然是没有道理的。	1
It challenged the authority of kings and aristocrats.	它挑战了国王和贵族的权威。	0
It comes from the same human need to solve the cosmological riddle.	它来自人类解决宇宙谜的同样需要。	2
It comes out even more vibrant on bleached hair!	漂白的头发会更加生动！	1
It consists in the government testing with tuberculin all the cattle in a herd when requested to do so by the owner, who agrees to comply with the government requirements.	这包括政府在征得同意遵守政府要求的情况下，在一群牛中对结核菌进行检测。	1
It consists of all solution for photo enthusiasts and advanced amateur photographers with the benefit of less bulky, hassle and expenses for additional lens and accessories.	它包含所有适合摄影爱好者和高级业余摄影师的解决方案，其优点是体积小，麻烦小，额外的镜头和配件费用低。	1
It consists of the Court as the executive governing body, responsible for the management and administration of the University.	它由法院组成，作为执行理事机构，负责大学的管理和行政。	1
It contains a components called sterols which is a substance found to be significant and effective in treating prostate problems.	它包含一种称为 terols 的成分，这种物质被认为在前列腺问题的治疗中非常重要且有效。	0
It costs an extra $7 a head to unload them at Dinmore, and so private people have always been using that line at all hours of the day and night.	在迪纳梅花了额外的 7 美元一头把他们卸下，因此，私人一直在使用这条线，无论白天还是晚上。	2
It could also be simply due to our relatively low expertise on this type of music.	这也可能是因为我们对这类音乐的专业知识相对较低。	0
It COULD be a COINCIDENCE (the caps show how likely i believe it to be) Anyway whats new?	这可能是巧合（上限表明我相信它的可能性有多大）。不管怎样，新的？	2
It could even be a whole bunch of different episodes.	它甚至可能是一堆不同的事件。	2
It could have been a whole lot worse for them too.	这对他们来说也可能更糟。	0
It depends on the type of microcalcifications in your mammogram.	它取决于乳腺 X 射线照片中的微钙化类型。	1
It destroyed all the paper and electronic files on the Francis Project.	它销毁了弗朗西斯项目的所有文件和电子文件。	1
It did not occur early in the morning and it was over before noon.	这种情况没有在清晨发生，而是在中午之前结束。	1
It does not apply to tangible personal property.	它不适用于有形个人财产。	0
It does not confuse the reader by jumping back and forth.	它不会让读者来回跳跃而感到困惑。	2
It does not dissect out and tighten the underlying SMAS layer of the face or its suspensory ligaments.	它不会分解和紧固面部或悬垂韧带的 SMAS 底层。	1
It does not have a particular plot, but is a bit of a video diary over a few months with some interesting twists and developments.	它没有一个特定的阴谋，但在几个月的时间里，它只是一个视频日记，有一些有趣的曲折和发展。	2
It does not make any difference on this side.	这在这方面没有任何区别。	0
It does not matter how has been the President in the past.	过去总统是怎样的，这并不重要。	0
It does not mean I should put God to the test, by behaving irresponsibly, but that the practice of poverty is discovering the love of God as providence.	这并不意味着我应该以不负责任的行为来检验神，而是意味着贫困的实践正在发现神的爱是一种恩赐。	1
I tended to think this was fascinating and worth further thought.	我倾向于认为这很迷人，值得进一步思考。	2
I tend to blame these moments on Seasonal Affective Disorder, and I do think that it being February has a lot to do with why I'm feeling so wonky.	我倾向于将这些时刻归咎于季节性情感障碍，我确实认为，在二月，这与我为什么感到如此奇妙有很大关系。	0
It even gives you tips on how to take the tes...	它甚至为您提供了如何处理这些问题的提示 ...	0
It even includes onionskinning to make the process easier.	它甚至包括离子打滑，以使流程更轻松。	2
It even surpasses large Super Soaker graffiti hits, and giant wheat pastes like the current JR piece at the corner of Houston and Bowery.	它甚至超越了大型的 Super Soaker 涂鸦，以及像现在在休斯敦和 Bowery 角落的 JR 一样的巨型小麦地。	2
It exhibited smooth low end with a minimal amount of tweaking in each of the three rooms where I used the system.	在我使用该系统的三个房间中，每一个房间都显示了平滑的低端技术，并提供了极少的推特。	2
It expresses the fundamental contradiction that exists between the interests of working people and all governments that defend the capitalist system.	它表达了劳动人民的利益与捍卫资本主义制度的所有政府之间存在的根本矛盾。	0
It facilitates digestion and has alot of antioxidants, which offset any aspect outcomes from losing alot of lbs quickly.	它有助于消化，并具有大量抗氧化剂，这抵消了快速损失大量 LBS 所产生的任何方面的结果。	1
It features an advance warning of media appearances for the upcoming weeks (sometimes as far as a month ahead).	它在未来几周（有时甚至在一个月前）预先警告媒体的出现。	2
It features a rooftop pool and a spa.	酒店设有屋顶泳池和水疗中心。	0
It feels like you gave a summary of the seven books and I must say you could have done it in a different way a lot better.	你好像给了七本书的总结，我必须说你可以用不同的方式做得更好。	1
It fell out of me so quickly, it was as if it had been meaning to come out for a long time, but was just waiting for the opportune moment.	它很快就从我身上掉下来了，好像它早就应该出来了，但只是在等待一个合适的时刻。	2
It fell to President Spencer W. Kimball to lead the LDS Church during a turbulent period in American history.	在美国历史上的动荡时期，由斯宾塞 · 金博尔总统领导 LDS 教堂。	1
It felt as if he was being whipped into submission.	它觉得他好像被鞭打而来。	2
It felt good to be able to chat with her because I missed the connection we had.	能够和她聊天感觉很好，因为我错过了我们的联系。	1
It felt like she was pushing things forward before she suddenly realized they were moving too fast, and despite her attempts to be understanding and forgiving beofre, she now seems wholly ready to be angry with and at Liara.	在突然意识到事情进展太快之前，她感觉自己在推进事情，尽管她试图理解并放弃胡子，但她现在似乎完全准备好对 Liara 和 Liara 感到愤怒。	2
It felt so good to be home I thought I might actually cry.	感觉就像在家里一样好，我想我可能会哭。	2
It felt unusually heavy in her hand and the idea that the contents of the bullets could be the end of her left a large knot in her stomach.	她的手感觉异常沉重，子弹的内容可能是她的末端，这种想法在她的胃留下了一个大结。	2
It felt weird to no longer be involved in the aspects of a divas life that she enjoyed.	不再参与迪瓦人生活的各个方面让人感到奇怪。	0
It fitted really well I mean did we really get that happy ending?	它非常适合我的意思是我们真的获得了快乐的结局吗？	2
It flew open to the first blank page just as Riku expected.	正如 Riku 所期望的那样，它打开到第一个空白页。	1
It flows nicely and Lex sounds a lot like me.	它流速很好， Lex 听起来很像我。	2
It focuses on controlling the mind in order to attain enlightenment.	它的重点是控制思想，以获得启迪。	1
It fosters an environment for silencing advocate voices that need to be protected.	它营造了一种环境，使需要保护的倡导者的声音静音。	2
It gave Washington keen pleasure to watch the splendidly drilled English soldiers, fully supplied with everything an army needs.	这让华盛顿非常高兴地看到那些出色的英军士兵，他们为军队提供了所需的一切。	0
It growled deeply, and Jake thought he could feel his very organs tremble.	它深深地咆哮着，杰克认为他可以感觉到自己的器官颤抖。	2
It had a good long life I suppose.	我想它有一个很长的生命。	1
It had a hole in the middle with a short red shaft which she could attach a dildo to.	它中间有一个孔，上面有一根短的红色轴，她可以将一个扩张器连接到上面。	1
It had almost been like the early years again, but somehow even better.	它几乎像早年一样，但在某种程度上更好。	2
It had also reinstated roadblocks around major cities in the West Bank and Gaza, shut down the Dahaniyah airport in Gaza and closed border crossings leading from the occupied territories into Egypt and Jordan.	它还恢复了西岸和加沙主要城市周围的路障，关闭了加沙的 Dahaniyah 机场，并关闭了从被占领土通往埃及和约旦的过境点。	1
It had been a long time since Ashley had sought her out in solitude.	自从阿什利在孤独中寻找她以来，已经有很长一段时间了。	1
It had been three days since they had seen each other and it was driving them both insane.	他们已经三天前见过了，这也让他们两个都疯了。	2
It had bright red lights and was emitting a fog or vapor from portals along the underside rim of the craft.	该船有明亮的红色灯光，并从船底边缘的入口发出雾或蒸汽。	1
It had initially brought a counterclaim, but had failed to support it as required under the ICC terms applicable to the arbitration by the payment of appropriate fees.	它最初提出反诉，但未能按照国际商会仲裁条款的要求，通过支付适当的费用来支持它。	1
It had once made Dean smile to know that he had parents that were so in love, and maybe she had been right.	这曾经让迪恩笑了起来，知道他的父母是如此的爱，也许她是对的。	1
Ithaka is a legendary home of ancient king Odysseus.	伊萨卡是古代奥德修斯国王的传奇之家。	1
It has a beltless direct drive agitator, so you never had to replace a belts.	它有一个无皮带的直接驱动搅拌器，因此您不必更换皮带。	1
It has all the amenities a family could ask for - all the way down to marshmallow skewers for the grill.	这里有家庭所需要的所有设施 - 一直到烤架的棉花糖串。	2
It has also been granted only upon a couple having become pregnant and proving fertility.	只有在夫妇怀孕并证明生育率的情况下，才给予这一权利。	1
It has been more difficult to find explicit economic assessments that work within a framework of vulnerability or adaptation assessment.	更难找到在脆弱性或适应评估框架内开展工作的明确经济评估。	1
It has been over one hundred and fifty years.	这已经一百五十年了。	1
It has been reported to substantially reduce the stripping of oral mucosa through sloughing or desquamation compared to sodium lauryl sulfate, the most commonly used toothpaste surfactant.	据报告，与最常用的牙膏表面活性剂钠低硫酸盐相比，通过消融或脱氧来大幅减少口腔粘膜剥离。	2
It has grown so much that it has become an industry in itself only in the recent years.	它的发展如此之大，直到最近几年才成为一个行业。	1
It has historical importance and is a part of the Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church.	它具有历史意义，是马兰卡拉东正教叙利亚教堂的一部分。	0
It has recommended that fire drills take place more regularly in some of the centres and that staff attend training in fire safety and evacuation.	委员会建议在一些中心更经常地进行消防演习，并建议工作人员参加消防安全和疏散方面的培训。	1
It has several additional features to execute various of filetypes like on an actual explorer.	它还有几个附加功能可以执行各种文件类型，如在实际的资源管理器上。	0
It has several seasonal sites but all of these are extremely well maintained.	它有几个季节性场地，但所有这些都维护得很好。	1
It has the direct links to your favorite Geneworld pages, it is able to block popups, show the weather forecast, show when you recieve some mails, and so on...	它具有指向您最喜爱的 Geneworld 页面的直接链接，能够阻止弹出窗口，显示天气预报，显示您何时收到一些邮件等 ...	0
It has the most toys / value for money IMO as it has most of what is in the SEL without the leather, but you get the nice alloys etc as standard.	它拥有最多的玩具 / 物有所值，因为它拥有大多数在 SEL 中没有皮革的东西，但你可以获得优质合金等标准。	2
It has the powers to scrutinise both emerging policy areas and emerging areas of risk to LAA delivery.	它有权审查新出现的政策领域和新出现的风险领域，以实现长期监管局。	1
It has unique design and leading technology, easy to cooperate and remove impurities and water.	它拥有独特的设计和领先的技术，易于合作，可去除杂质和水。	0
It has worked in all of the cases I have needed, but your mileage may vary.	它在我所需要的所有情况下都起了作用，但您的里程可能会有所不同。	1
It helps sustain my hope that this is a place I will want to make my professional home.	这有助于保持我的希望，我希望这是一个我将要成为我的专业家的地方。	2
It helps them regain control over their lives by assisting them with living skills and formulating goals and plans to prepare them for independent living.	它帮助他们掌握生活技能，制定目标和计划，为他们独立生活做好准备，从而帮助他们重新掌握生活。	1
I then took him and Sheri to a nutritional foods store for a field trip.	然后我带他和 Sheri 去了一家营养食品店进行实地考察。	0
I think a lot of people approach them as if they were making traditional TV commercials.	我认为很多人把他们当作制作传统电视广告。	1
I think a more set menu through the week will eliminate the problem.	我认为一周内的菜单设置更好可以消除问题。	2
I think at one stage I would have agreed with you that there were benefits in having a single water authority.	我想在一个阶段我会同意你的看法，即建立一个单一的水资源管理机构是有好处的。	0
I think both of these statements are true in different senses.	我认为这两种说法在不同的意义上都是正确的。	1
I think even the most ardent secularist might have had a more positive view of Catholicism after experiencing this service.	我认为，即使是最热心的政教也可能在经历了这项服务之后对天主教有更积极的看法。	2
I think everyone would like to get to know the other members of the group.	我认为每个人都希望了解该小组的其他成员。	1
I think Hermione will turn away from Tom only after she finds out what he intends to do with her child.	我想 Hermione 只有在发现他打算如何处理孩子之后才会离开 Tom 。	2
I think however with Ramps the personality came out in his dancing early on, whereas Mark F is struggling at the moment, and looks a tad out of his depth (pardon the awful swimming pun).	但是，我认为在坡道上，性格在他跳舞的早期就出来了，而马克 · F 目前正在挣扎，看起来有点超出了他的深度（原谅那可怕的游泳小脑）。	2
I think I am more willing to let Genesis be metaphor than you are.	我想我比你更愿意让创世纪成为比喻。	1
I think I can see why our new manufacturer chose air for a suspension medium since air seems to be the most suitable medium for this type of suspension.	我想我可以明白，我们的新制造商为何选择空气作为悬架介质，因为空气似乎是最适合这类悬架的介质。	0
I think I could quote them for you.	我想我可以为你引用这些内容。	0
I think if we actually resource this fight properly, that is going to continue to be true well into next year.	我认为，如果我们确实为这场斗争提供了适当的资源，那么明年的情况将继续如此。	1
I think I get quite dehydrated and this is causing infections and the stones.	我觉得我已经脱水了，这导致了感染和石头。	2
I think I know understand why my FTO was such a hardass... he was trying to break me to build me back up stronger just like Juan Castillo did.	我想我知道为什么我的 FTO 如此艰难 ... 他正试图让我像胡安 · 卡斯蒂略那样变得更强大。	2
I think I'll try and work on that too both trying to get my attitude where I'd like it and working to create more of those times when I'm calm.	我… 我也会尝试并努力解决这一问题同时努力让我的态度达到我所希望的程度，并努力创造更多我平静的时代。	2
I think I'll try that with my next round of revisions.	我想我将在下一轮修订中尝试一下。	0
I think I may have inhaled enough second hand smoke to give me and my unborn childrens lung cancer.	我想我可能吸入了足够的二手烟，给我和我的孩子带来了肺癌。	2
I think I'm going to end this feature so I can punch my high school guidance counselor in the throat.	我想我要结束这个功能，这样我就可以让我的高中指导顾问在喉咙里打个电话。	1
I think, in his mind, you were making huge events out of things when you did that, in an emotional way - like you were opening your heart to him, and expressing your feelings to the fullest extent.	我想，在他看来，当你这样做的时候，你正在从事情中做出巨大的事情，以一种情感的方式——就像你在向他敞开心扉，并充分表达你的感受。	2
I think innovation must be mandatory in each good production.	我认为，在每一个良好的生产中，创新都必须是强制性的。	1
I think I really should have started with the more damaging ones in retrospect.	我认为我应该从回顾的那些更具破坏性的问题开始。	2
I think it all started by making wine when I was five years old.	我想这一切都是从我 5 岁时酿造葡萄酒开始的。	1
I think it is disgraceful to undermine the local economy and cheat us out of taxes and equally disgraceful that tax paying US citizens turn their heads and allow it.	我认为，破坏当地经济，欺骗我们，使我们免税，同样可耻的是，向美国公民缴纳税款，让他们放弃。	1
I think it is good to run our chickens with the other animals.	我认为与其他动物一起经营我们的鸡是好的。	2
I think it pretty much qualifies as a rebuttal to your statement that this was about racism.	我认为，这是对你关于种族主义的说法的反驳。	1
I think it would be well if one or two of us went down personally, and posted ourselves in that particular street on one of these festive evenings.	我认为，如果我们中的一两个人在其中一个节日的夜晚亲自下来，在那条街上张贴自己的话，那就好了。	2
I think John David and I were just amused by all the little kids folding their hands and singing.	我想约翰 · 大卫和我只是被所有的小孩子们折起手唱歌而逗笑。	1
I think ladybug suits her so much better than the grim reaper.	我认为，女妖比残酷的修身更适合她。	2
I think many blacks rely on slavery as an excuse.	我认为许多黑人都以奴隶制为借口。	1
I think most people would be rightly appalled if they knew about that provision of the bill and that Democrats support a bill that would allow fetuses to be killed so that their organs can be harvested.	我认为，如果大多数人知道该法案的这一规定，他们就会感到震惊——民主党支持一项法案，允许杀害胎儿，以便收割他们的器官。	2
I think one of the main causes of emotional problems is people trying to hide how they feel, or change it simply by wishing.	我认为情绪问题的主要原因之一是人们试图掩盖自己的感受，或者仅仅通过希望改变它。	1
I think our battery lifespan is simply over.	我认为我们的电池寿命已经过了。	2
I think Rin fit quite well with the role Sesshomaru had given Rin.	我认为 Rin 和 Sesshomaru 给 Rin 的角色相当匹配。	1
I think Ryuu appeared at the right time.	我认为 ryuu 出现在正确的时间。	0
I think some of the most beautiful girls and celebrities are really not great role models.	我认为一些最美丽的女孩和名人确实不是很好的榜样。	1
I think some of the most profound and interesting nanotech advances will be an ability to manipulate these systems more precisely than ever before. nondualism I do not think that bodies and souls are somehow separate.	我认为最深刻和有趣的纳米技术进步将是一种比以往更精确地操纵这些系统的能力。非二元性我认为身体和灵魂在某种程度上是分开的。	2
I think something in between would be best.	我认为介于两者之间的事情是最好的。	0
I think Spike is really on to something.	我认为斯皮克真的在做什么。	1
I think that depends on the morgage company and the amount of money you want to borrow.	我认为这取决于莫尔金公司和你想借款的金额。	0
I think that is why Del is revered by his fans.	我认为这就是德尔为什么受到他的粉丝的尊敬。	1
I think that it is safe to say that Miami real estate can be one of the best things to have your money see progress.	我认为可以放心地说迈阿密房地产是让你的钱看到进步的最好的事情之一。	2
I think that says a little bit about their approach and their attitude to this weekend.	我想这说明了他们在这个周末的态度和态度。	2
I think that Society has done nothing for us in this respect, or at least has undone what she has done.	我认为社会在这方面没有为我们做任何事，或至少已经撤消了她的工作。	2
I think that the dong could have stronger vibrations added and it would be a perfect toy for me.	我认为这只洞可以增加更大的震动，对我来说这是一个完美的玩具。	2
I think that we should all save player pianos for the future generation and introduce the pianos to other children.	我认为，我们都应该为下一代拯救牌手钢琴，并将钢琴引入其他儿童。	2
I think the article was more comical then nasty.	我认为这篇文章更滑稽，更令人厌恶。	0
I think the delivery information is a little unclear.	我认为交付信息有点不清楚。	0
I think the fact that BAFTA has now recognised the games industry with a specific games award section is a sign that games are being taken more seriously.	我认为，现在， BAFTA 已经通过特定的游戏奖项来认可游戏行业，这表明游戏正在受到更认真的对待。	0
I think the Grand Atlantic does it just a bit better.	我认为大大西洋做得更好一点。	1
I think the most difficult thing to get right in life drawings are hands and yours are great - they even reflect emotion.	我认为最难在生活图中找到正确答案的是手和你的手都很棒 - 他们甚至反映了情感。	2
I think the nuts on the bread really help you to feel satisfied and full for a long time.	我认为面包上的坚果确实能让你长时间感到满意和饱足。	1
I think there was a Case of the Missing Address Book.	我认为有一个遗失通讯簿的案例。	0
I think there was three engines and the engineers... three engineers, and the other two graduate men learning the engineering work, and then the conductor and so on.	我想有三个引擎和工程师 ... 三个工程师，另外两个毕业生学习工程，然后是指挥等等。	1
I think these circumstances vary with surrounding culture.	我认为这些情况因周围文化而异。	0
I think the students are finally coming around to Lisp.	我认为学生们终于来到了利斯普。	2
I think the theory of learning to play without really guitar is an absolute waste of time.	我认为学习不带吉他弹奏的理论是绝对浪费时间。	1
I think the writing was on the wall for this one.	我认为这篇文章已经写在墙上了。	2
I think this applet was very well written and is very configurable.	我认为这个小程序写得很好，而且可以很好地配置。	0
I think this fic is just SO great!	我认为这家酒店太棒了！	0
I think this kind of tightening of the plot summaries is possible throughout.	我认为这种对图解摘要的收紧在整个过程中是可能的。	1
I think this might be a good starter project for teaching my two oldest how to work a needle and thread.	我认为这可能是一个很好的启动项目，可以教我的两个最老的人如何使用针和线。	1
I think this theme is quite good from Design Disease though I'd like to reduce the width of the first sidebar a little.	我认为这一主题在设计疾病中相当好，尽管我想稍微缩小第一个侧栏的宽度。	2
I think we can all agree that we have enough of our personal info floating around the great blue nothing...	我想我们都可以同意，我们的个人信息已经足够了，就在大蓝的周围，什么都没有 ...	2
I think we have done a really great deal of work!	我认为我们做了很多工作！	0
I think what makes it this strong is your head tilt and the strong eye contact.	我认为这种强烈的原因是您的头部倾角和强烈的眼神接触。	2
I think you have touched upon the heart of homeschooling!	我想你已经触及了家庭学校的核心！	1
I think you just think you hate writing really!	我想你只是觉得你真的讨厌写作！	1
I think you might find the same thing with this Italian case.	我想你可能会发现这件意大利的事。	1
I think you put to many cheerios in one bowl.	我想你把许多拉拉队放在一个碗里。	2
It holds the sun up from further collapse at one point in its life.	它使太阳在其生命的某个时刻不再进一步崩溃。	2
It honors the Blessed Virgin, as she joyfully anticipates the birth of Christ.	这是为了纪念圣母玛利亚，因为她很高兴地期待基督的诞生。	1
I thought about the many dates and began going over them.	我想到了许多日期，并开始讨论这些日期。	2
I thought about the obvioius communities such as facebook or Xanga.	我想到了脸书或 Xanga 等显而易见的社区。	1
I thought he might need our help so just in case, I slipped behind him and suspended my wand over his head.	我以为他可能需要我们的帮助，以防我在他后面滑倒，把我的手杖悬在他的头上。	2
I thought i did it without introducing any bugs but it seemed i did.	我以为我是在没有引入任何错误的情况下做的，但我似乎是这样做的。	2
I thought I saw her the other day.	我以为有一天我看见了她。	1
I thought it was an excellent story except for the crit above.	除了上面的评论，我认为这是一个很好的故事。	0
I thought I was being so clever reclaiming that name.	我以为我是如此聪明地重新命名这个名字。	1
I thought that he would be the one who prayed for everyone else.	我以为他会是为其他人祈祷的人。	0
I thought that if I got away from the city I would stop caring, and that the move could only make the pain lessen.	我想，如果我离开城市，我就会停止关心，而这一举动只会减轻痛苦。	2
I thought that my English is not so bad.	我认为我的英语还不错。	0
I thought that was a nice touch and how Jounouchi had no dreams but that might cause he tried himself out in the bathroom...	我认为这是一个很好的接触， Jounouchi 怎么没有梦想，但这可能是他在浴室里试过自己的原因……	2
I thought that was great that the one kid was really raised by coyotes.	我认为这很棒，因为一个孩子真的被小孩子们的小孩子们所抚养。	2
I thought the ending was strong and made me want to relook up the words to those songs.	我觉得结局很好，让我想把这些词重新用于这些歌曲。	2
I thought this ceased to be a question of merits when you tried to prove that the Bible was true because it said it was.	当你试图证明《圣经》是真实的时候，我认为这不再是一个优点问题，因为它说是真实的。	2
I thought this was a bit silly, however, the concept of the story gave me a lot to think about.	我觉得这有点愚蠢，但是，故事的概念让我有很多想法。	0
It includes a chapter on the history of this important series as well as a catalog list and the clubs floor plans.	它包括关于这一重要系列的历史的一章，以及一份目录和俱乐部的平面图。	1
It includes a timeline of great Wembley moments and memories as well as profiles of the Wembley Greats that playd and performed at the old venue.	它包括温布利的精彩时刻和回忆的时间表，以及在旧场地上演的温布利队的简介。	1
It includes interactive stories and games covering the health topics based on an imaginary town.	它包括互动式故事和游戏，涵盖基于想象中的城镇的健康主题。	1
It includes senior officials who are directly responsible for the promotion of cultural heritage in Albania.	It includes senior officials who are directly responsible for the promotion of cultural heritage in Albania.	2
It includes the normal operations of most government agencies.	它包括大多数政府机构的正常运作。	1
It is a beautiful and unique style of vanity table.	这是一张漂亮独特的化妆台。	0
It is a beautiful novel with a rich story.	这是一部美丽的小说，有着丰富的故事。	1
It is a celebration for the youngest survivor and victor of the Hunger Games.	这是对饥饿运动会最年轻的幸存者和胜利者的庆祝。	1
It is a combatant action to bring victory to a battle in a larger war.	这是一场战斗行动，目的是在一场更大的战争中取得胜利。	0
It is a declaration made by a prosecutor in a criminal case or by a plaintiff in a civil lawsuit either before or during trial, meaning the case against the defendant is being dropped.	这是刑事案件中的检察官或在审判前或审判期间的民事诉讼中的原告所作的声明，这意味着针对被告的案件正在被撤销。	1
It is a discipline in which the principles of mathematical, physical and natural sciences are used to solve problems in applied chemistry.	这是一门学科，数学，物理和自然科学的原理被用来解决应用化学中的问题。	2
It is a distrustful creature and very quick when avoiding enemies.	它是一个令人不信任的生物，在避免敌人时非常迅速。	1
It is advisable to take a jumper anyway as the restaurant can be quite cold.	建议您跳过一个跳线，因为餐厅可能很冷。	1
It is a fact that great numbers of children have not learned and are not learning these words, either at sight or with confidence.	事实是，许多儿童在眼前或满怀信心地都没有学习这些话，也没有学习这些话。	2
It is a fictional story based on a fourteen year old boy and his experience in the ghetto where he lives and that is all I can say about that.	这是一个虚构的故事，基于一个 14 岁的男孩和他在贫民窟的经历，我只能说这一点。	1
It is a good idea to have the rods magnafluxed.	最好是用磁棒进行磁力磁力磁力磁力磁力磁力磁力。	2
It is a great kick, and is another strong candidate for you to spend your hard earned cash on in the store.	这是一个伟大的踢脚动作，也是你在门店花费你辛苦赚来的现金的另一个有力的选择。	2
It is a great little box to use as the center piece of a home theatre, it can handle just about anything thrown at it.	这是一个很棒的小盒子，可以用作家庭影院的中心部分，它可以处理任何抛在它的东西。	2
It is a hundred times better than any of my fantasies.	它比我的任何一个狂热分子都要好一百倍。	1
It is aimed to eradicate the process of searching the forums for guides and other useful topics relating to game strategy.	其目的是消除在论坛上寻找指南和其他与游戏策略相关的有用主题的过程。	0
It is a lie that Santa sees, hears and knows the thoughts and actions of every boy and girl in the world.	这是一个谎言，圣诞老人看到，听到并知道世界上每一个男孩和女孩的想法和行动。	1
It is all part and parcel of the same package and should be taken together.) Please give this matter prayerful consideration BEFORE you do anything.	所有这些都是同一套方案的一部分，应该一起处理。）在做任何事情之前，请先仔细考虑这个问题。	0
It is also home of the highest court of the country.	它也是国家最高法院的所在地。	1
It is also important that you observe if the insulation for your pipes is enough to withstand the winter season.	您还必须观察管道的隔热层是否足以承受冬季的考验。	0
It is also interesting to note that the presence of large fluctuations on the scale of T1 does not imply large fluctuations on the scale of T2 or vice versa, as figure 6 shows.	另外，值得注意的是， T1 的规模存在较大波动并不意味着 T2 的规模存在较大波动，反之亦然，如图 6 所示。	1
It is also necessary that the temperature of the recording media be maintained within a specific range in order to preserve recorded images on the recording media.	此外，还必须将录制媒体的温度保持在特定范围内，以便在录制媒体上保留录制的图像。	0
It is also noted that low external input systems are not necessarily less polluting than high input ones.	还应指出，低外部输入系统的污染程度不一定比高输入系统低。	0
It is also possible to park in the nearby streets or to park at nearby garages.	您也可以将车停在附近的街道上，或将车停在附近的车库。	0
It is also pretty obvious from watching both of these two teams that the coaches have no control whatsoever over their players.	从这两支球队的观察中也可以看出，教练对球员没有任何控制。	1
It is also worthy to note that at the early stages of hitlers rule, coloured people were still aloud to ride a public bus on any seating they chose.	还值得注意的是，在牵引者统治的早期阶段，有色人种仍然大声要求乘坐公共巴士在他们选择的任何座位上。	2
It is always he who admits us to intimacy with him, revealing himself and giving us the grace to be able to accept this revelation in faith.	他总是承认我们与他亲密接触，揭露自己并给予我们接受这一信仰的恩典。	2
It is a manifestation of our inward distrust of God and of our pride.	这表明了我们对神的不信任和我们的骄傲。	1
It is a matter of not rejecting the option and keeping an open mind to start with.	这是一个不拒绝选项和保持开放心态的问题。	1
It is a meaningless online bingo real money mac utterly in the acrylic of surrender because it combines the stuff of a cha.	这是一个毫无意义的在线 bingo Real Money Mac ，完全用投降的丙烯酸来呈现，因为它结合了一个茶的东西。	2
It is a national service of the Alcohol Drug Association New Zealand.	它是新西兰酒精药物协会的一个全国性机构。	1
It is an easy to grow perennial that is drought tolerant and attractive to butterflies.	长年生长很容易，耐旱，对蝴蝶很有吸引力。	0
It is an exciting opportunity for interdisciplinary instruction to advance our work at the high school level.	这是一个令人兴奋的跨学科教学机会，可以推动我们在高中一级的工作。	1
It is a nice place to work in that offers a superior life style.	这是一个适合工作的好地方，提供卓越的生活风格。	1
It is an Jordanian web solutions company, our high quality solutions and services help our clients leverage the benefits of the Internet to manage their business better.	它是一家约旦网络解决方案公司，我们的高质量解决方案和服务帮助我们的客户利用互联网的优势更好地管理他们的业务。	0
It is an online store for various anime titles which they have the right to distribute.	它是一个网上商店，提供各种动画标题，他们有权分发这些标题。	0
It is an opportunity to deliver investment at an incredibly challenging time for the wider economy.	这是一个在对更广泛的经济来说具有令人难以置信的挑战性的时刻提供投资的机会。	2
It is anticipated that Alcohol Management Plans developed by community justice groups in conjunction with members of their communities will be the primary source of guidance in implementing the alcohol controls.	预计社区司法团体与社区成员共同制定的酒精管理计划将成为实施酒精管制的主要指导来源。	0
It is anticipated that not all the sub objectives will be relevant to each of the SPDs and DPDs.	预计并非所有次级目标都与每一个战略目标和发展计划相关。	0
It is a parallel process, so it is quite ridiculous to suggest Australia is leading the world in that regard.	这是一个平行的进程，因此，在这方面，澳大利亚领导世界是很荒谬的。	0
It is a personal authority and a personal independence.	它是一个个人权威和个人独立。	2
It is a place where we carry on the Christian tradition of caring for others.	在这里，我们继承了关心他人的基督教传统。	0
It is a preangkorian temple intend to Brahmanism practices of the people living in the Champapura city.	这是一座前吴哥窟，旨在为生活在香槟城的人们进行勃拉曼主义的实践。	2
It is a responsibility of the federal government to negotiate directly with the first nations.	联邦政府有责任与第一民族直接谈判。	0
It is argued that these types of personal and reflective experiences are highly sought after amongst tourists.	有人认为，这些类型的个人和反思经历在游客中受到高度重视。	2
It is as if my spirit has been put on mute, so my Lord I will write you this letter from my heart to yours.	我的精神好像已经被蒙了，所以我的主我会把这封信从我的心里写给你。	2
It is as much of a process tutorial as it is a training document.	它既是流程教程，也是培训文档。	1
It is a strong community and I sincerely hope that they will not lose that innate sense of social justice.	这是一个强大的社会，我衷心希望他们不会失去这种固有的社会正义感。	1
It is a stunning ten minutes of psychedelic instruments and good versus evil in the ghetto lyrics.	这是一个惊人的十分钟的迷幻乐器和贫民窟歌词中的善与恶。	2
It is a tool with less frills and fancies and more results.	它是一种具有较少的虚饰和幻想以及更多结果的工具。	1
It is a very eclectic group and so I am sure as we grow you will find what it is you are seeking.	这是一个非常不拘一格的团队，因此我相信随着我们的成长，你会发现你在寻找什么。	1
It is a waist of time going over it if we just make up imposible ways to prevent it!	如果我们只是想方设法防止这种情况发生，那就不会有太多时间了！	0
It is a willingness to share everything with God the good things in our lives and the bad, the happy things and the sad.	这是一种愿意与上帝分享我们生活中的好东西和坏东西，幸福的东西和悲伤的意愿。	1
It is best to crucial that you examine the grade of your pelt when shopping for pelt coats.	在购买皮尔特外套时，检查皮尔特的等级是最重要的。	2
It is by nature a system designed for ease of input.	它本质上是一种易于输入的系统。	0
It is calculated by dividing the percentage moisture in the sugar by 100 minus the pol of the sugar.	它的计算方法是将糖中的水分百分比除以 100 减去糖的凝块。	2
It is called the Greater Vehicle in reference to the Mahayana notion of salvation.	它被称为大工具，指的是马哈亚纳拯救的概念。	2
It is carte blanche for the gov to do whatever in the name of fighting terrar and of course the last person to know it, will be the person being tapped.	政府要以战斗地的名义做任何事情，当然，知道这事的最后一个人是被挖掘的人，这是一种随意的做法。	2
It is clear that the rat file store and retrieve functions need to be optimized.	显然需要优化 RAT 文件存储和检索功能。	0
It is comforting to read facts or opinions that agree with your ideas, and unsettling to be confronted with facts that do not fit.	阅读与您的想法一致的事实或观点，面对不合适的事实感到不安，这是令人欣慰的。	1
It is commonly believed that the church has the authority to make new rules, not necessarily consistent with Scripture.	人们普遍认为，教会有权制定新的规则，但不一定符合《圣经》。	1
It is conceded by counsel for the committee that they cannot.	委员会的律师承认他们不能这样做。	0
It is currently even less politically acceptable and desirable than trying this with Ulster, but by propaganda it might eventually become so.	目前，在政治上比与乌尔斯特一起尝试更不能接受和可取，但通过宣传，最终可能会变得如此。	2
It is decorated in all white and in the center of the room was a beautiful four poster bed with pure white bed linen.	房间装饰成白色，位于房间的中心，是一张漂亮的四柱床，配有纯白色的床单。	0
It is defined as the average number of years an individual of a given age is expected to live if current mortality rates continue.	它的定义是，如果目前的死亡率继续下去，某一年龄的人预期寿命的平均年数。	1
It is demonstrated that the baroclinic wave is equilibrated by barotropic shear even if the zonally averaged baroclinic flow is held constant.	事实证明，即使按 Z 方向平均的 Baroclic 流量保持不变，但各向异性剪切仍能平衡 Baroclic 波。	2
It is different from what we are trying to do in our Expert Advisor Pivots are points where the trend is changing.	这与我们在专家顾问透视表中所做的不同之处在于趋势正在发生变化。	1
It is distinguished by its bold combination of sweet, sour and salty flavors.	它以甜味，酸味和咸味的大胆组合而与众不同。	1
It is divided already into three zones; and the Americans are seeking the quickest exit option they can with precious little dignity.	它已经分为三个区域；美国人正在寻找他们能够以极少的尊严实现的最快的退出选择。	2
It is during this stage when we are blind to imperfections and are under the impression that everything is ideal and imperfect.	正是在这一阶段，我们对缺陷视而不见，并认为一切都是理想和不完美的。	1
It is easy for me to think that peace is possible knowing that there are people like me all over the world in CISV.	我很容易… ，因为我知道世界上有像我这样的人在西五世大世界中存在，和平是可能的。	2
It is easy to transform your house so it will have a movie theater feel.	很容易改造你的房子 , 所以它会有一种电影院的感觉 .	2
It is effective if you put in this extra effort!	如果您投入额外的精力，这将是有效的！	1
It is equally important to find commercial insurance brokers that are dependable and offer the coverage your business needs.	同样重要的是，找到可靠的商业保险经纪人，为您的企业提供所需的保险。	0
It is especially difficult if you have now become a single parent.	如果你现在成为一个单亲家长，那就特别困难了。	0
It is essential that the yearly shareholder dividends split by purchase selling price equates to a dividend.	每年以购买售价拆分的股东股息必须等于股息。	2
It is evident that public libraries cater to a broad spectrum of students, perhaps because the local library is closest and they feel most at home there.	很明显，公共图书馆能满足广大学生的需要，也许是因为当地图书馆离得最近，他们在那里感觉最像在家一样。	1
It is expected to become law within a month.	预计该法案将在一个月内成为法律。	2
It is extremely important that your home be easy for possible buyers to find, so confirm the house numbers are easy to see from the street.	非常重要的是 , 你的家容易找到可能的买主 , 所以确认房子数字容易从街上看到 .	2
It is fair to say that system methods are more developed for skeletal rather than continuous structures.	可以公平地说，系统方法更适合骨骼而不是连续结构。	2
It is followed by orders to retreat to lifeboats.	随后命令他们回到救生艇。	0
It is for anyone collecting a government check other than standard retirement.	除了标准退休之外，任何人都可以领取政府支票。	1
It is for exactly this reason that the global real estate market depends so much on foreclosures.	正因为如此，全球房地产市场在很大程度上依赖于取消赎回权。	0
It is free and under a BSD license.	它是免费的，并且有 BSD 许可证。	0
It is furnished and equiped to make your stay as comfortable and convenient as possible.- We provided exclusively for you.	房间的布置和设施使您的住宿尽可能舒适和方便。 - 我们专为您提供。	2
It is giving no thought to the question of systematic economic reconstruction.	它没有考虑有系统的经济重建问题。	1
It is going on as London is 6 Washington and the Riddle of Peace going on by accumulated inertia.	这种情况正在发生，因为伦敦是华盛顿 6 国，而和平中提则是由累积的惰性所继续。	2
It is good if we can gain satisfaction from work, but if we only spend time working then our life lacks a proper balance.	如果我们能从工作中获得满意，那是好的，但如果我们只花时间工作，那么我们的生活就缺乏适当的平衡。	1
It is good to keep them on your side.	让他们站在你一边是很好的。	1
It is greatly imperative to keep an eye on the jars in which you have stored dried herbs for a few days.	要注意那些你已经储存了几天干草的罐子，这是非常必要的。	0
It is hard, but it better to reconsider about your relationship with the couple.	很难，但最好重新考虑您与这对夫妇的关系。	1
It is hard to find an author who is so great and dedicated to their work.	很难找到一位如此优秀，致力于其工作的作者。	0
It is hard to justify the expense of volunteering abroad but there are some financial benefits rather than altruistic benefits of volunteering abroad.	在国外志愿服务的费用很难证明是合理的，但在国外志愿服务有一些经济利益，而不是利他主义利益。	2
It is hoped that this code will give employees the principles and information which will allow them to make good judgements in difficult circumstances, as well as follow procedures and comply with legislation.	希望这一守则能为雇员提供原则和信息，使他们能够在困难的情况下作出良好的判断，并遵循程序和遵守法律。	0
It is however their CAAV membership that confirms members' specialisation in agricultural and rural professional matters.	然而，正是他们的 CAAV 会员资格确认了成员在农业和农村专业事务方面的专长。	0
It is imperative chairs attempt to resolve such disagreements in a collegial and evenhanded manner.	主席们必须努力以平等和公平的方式解决这种分歧。	0
It is important that an individual try to take control of their learning as to when the initial exposure to asbestos may have occurred.	重要的是，个人要设法掌握他们对何时可能发生初次接触石棉的了解。	1
It is important that they are NOT led to any truth but their own.	重要的是，他们不会被引导到任何真理，而是自己的真理。	1
It is important that we have someone to serve at all Masses.	重要的是我们要有人为所有群众服务。	0
It is important that you offer several games and activities for the children in order to keep them entertained and happy.	您必须为儿童提供多种游戏和活动，以使他们娱乐和快乐。	1
It is important that you read the rules before entering.	请务必在输入前阅读规则。	0
It is important to control for firm health, insofar as the weakening of the FDI firms may have contributed to the deterioration in bank health.	必须控制公司的健康状况，因为外国直接投资公司的削弱可能导致银行健康状况恶化。	2
It is important to understand the extent to which discount cards lower the price of prescriptions for the population that uses them.	重要的是要了解折扣卡在多大程度上降低了使用折扣卡的人群的处方价格。	2
It is increasingly becoming more and more main stream.	它正日益成为越来越多的主流。	1
It is in fact an interactive exercise with the author.	事实上，这是与作者互动的活动。	0
It is inhabited in its majority by Kunas, Emberá y Wounaan natives; Darien shares its territory with the Embera region located in the Cemaco and Sambu districts.	它大部分居住在库纳斯， Emberá 和 Wounaan 土著人的地方； Darien 与位于 Cemaco 和 Sambu 地区的 Embera 地区共享其领土。	2
It is inherently difficult to address issues based on the difference in focus between the two industries.	由于两个行业的重点不同，因此解决这些问题本身就很困难。	0
It is in regard to these two questions that I wish to examine the defendant.	正是针对这两个问题，我想对被告进行审查。	0
It is installed from the Services tab on the Network icon in the Control Panel.	它是从“控制面板”中“网络”图标上的“服务”选项卡安装的。	0
It is intended for children and adults alike.	它适用于儿童和成人。	0
It is intended to appoint the Cardinia Environment Coalition as managers of this reserve.	打算任命卡迪尼亚环境联盟为这一储备金的管理者。	1
It is intended to facilitate a significant contribution to the sector through research and possible publication.	它的目的是通过研究和可能的出版促进对该部门的重大贡献。	0
It is interesting that Kim appears to have picked up the personalities of all the other Kims that she has jumped into.	很有意思的是，金某似乎已经接受了所有其他金某的性格。	2
It is Interop which will consist not only of a demonstration of the new IT-technologies but of a profound, extensive educational program for all kinds of IT-experts as well.	Interop 不仅将展示新的 IT 技术，还将为各种 IT 专家提供深入，广泛的教育计划。	1
It is in the final instance imagined that the lacunae and tribulations in South Africa, still characterise several countries and legal regimes.	在最后的情况下，人们想象南非的缺陷和苦难仍然是几个国家和法律制度的特征。	2
It is in their best interests to exploit and enflame class warfare.	利用和点燃阶级战争符合他们的最佳利益。	1
It is in these areas that Leica has a strong card.	正是在这些领域里，莱卡有着强大的牌。	2
It is in this way and from this standpoint that its position is contrasted here with instinct psychology, which is similarly unified for this purpose (see in this respect also note p. 419).	正是从这一角度和这一角度来看，它的立场与本能的心理形成了对比，而本能的心理也同样为此目的而统一 ( 在这方面，另见第 419 页 ) 。	1
It is just at a certain age it is time to put things in order.	现在正是一个特定的年龄，是时候把事情安排好了。	1
It is just like a high school midterm or final exam.	这就像高中中期或最终考试一样。	1
It is key to achieving a balance between your work and family and other personal responsibilities.	这是在您的工作，家庭和其他个人责任之间实现平衡的关键。	0
It is known for successes in breeding endangered species.	它以繁殖濒危物种的成功而闻名。	1
It is known that DNA and RNA are made from proteins and proteins can only be made from DNA.	众所周知， DNA 和 RNA 由蛋白质制成，而蛋白质只能由 DNA 制成。	1
It is many years since I last worked with elephants but if it were not for the Ankus I would probably not be here today.	我上次和大象一起工作已经有很多年了，但如果不是为了安克斯人，我今天可能不会来这里。	2
It is medically sound to avoid doing repeated fresh IVF cycles if that is possible by freezing embryos for those who are comfortable with that option.	如果可以通过冻结对该选项感到满意的人的胚胎来避免重复进行新的 IVF 周期，则在医学上是合理的。	1
It is more important, however that it is able to ask the correct questions.	但更重要的是，它能够提出正确的问题。	0
It is my pleasure to inform you all that we should be posting our first stories within the next few days!	我很高兴地告诉大家，我们应该在未来几天内发布我们的第一个故事！	0
It is necessary to understand that each of the different roles play an important part in everyday business.	有必要了解每一个不同的角色在日常业务中都扮演着重要的角色。	0
It is never the case that we know we can automatically avert mass slaughter by torturing someone.	我们永远不知道我们可以通过对某人施加酷刑来自动避免大规模屠杀。	1
It is normal to be tired, and even not to be able to have perspective.	累了，甚至不能有观点，这是正常的。	1
It is not a complete wiring harness for the game.	它不是游戏中的完整接线线束。	2
It is not a story for those who fear the revelations of scars embedded so deep within oneself that one can never seem to escape it.	对于那些担心自己内嵌的伤疤被揭露而无法逃脱的人来说，这不是一个故事。	2
It is not clear when this meeting occurred.	不清楚这次会议是何时举行的。	0
It is not clear whether the drop of 800 students from fall to winter quarter is affected by the length of the winter break.	目前尚不清楚，从秋季到冬季， 800 名学生的下降是否受到冬季休息时间的影响。	1
It is not enough just to exist as a service: accessibility involves the ability to appreciate the evolving community and the capacity to respond.	仅仅作为一种服务存在是不够的：无障碍环境涉及对不断变化的社区的欣赏能力和应对能力。	1
It is not enough to acknowledge the nature of our current policy shortcomings.	承认我们目前政策缺陷的性质是不够的。	0
It is not fair to have to always worry about products being bad for our health.	必须始终担心产品对我们的健康有害是不公平的。	1
It is not her intention to persuade any of us that this is the right way, only to show that there are always alternatives to medical intervention for treatment of menopausal problems.	她无意说服我们中的任何人相信这是正确的方法，只是为了表明治疗绝经问题总是有替代医疗干预的办法。	1
It is nothing at all like the original photo it was taken from... being hands under a light source.	这一点与它拍摄的原始照片完全不一样 ... 它是在光源下的手。	1
It is not inconceivable that Coptic relations with North Africa, notably with Cyrenaica or the Pentapolis, took place with the introduction of Christianity.	与北非的科普特关系，特别是与 Cyrenaica 或 Pentapolis 的关系，是在基督教的引入下发生的，这是不可想象的。	2
It is not known if anyone has successfully dressed extremely whilst base jumping.	还不知道有人在跳伞时穿得非常好。	2
It is not necessary to add extra nacelles to increase warp speed.	无需增加额外的机舱以提高翘曲速度。	1
It is not necessary to tell this one many things!	不必告诉这件事很多！	1
It is not quite easy to tell who the favourite to leave Big Brother House this week is as this will change with time.	很难看出本周谁最喜欢离开大兄弟之家，因为这将随着时间的推移而改变。	0
It is not the main cannon in favor of the eradication of the death penalty but certainly a large torpedo fired in its support.	它不是支持废除死刑的主要炮口，而是支持它的一个大鱼雷。	2
It is now home to a range of craft and interior shops featuring Irish Design.	现在这里有一系列以爱尔兰设计为特色的工艺品和室内商店。	1
It is now limited to the first two weeks post weaning, and the total use has declined sharply.	现在，它只限于断奶后的前两周，总使用量急剧下降。	0
It is of little use to recommend additional fluoride products to a patient that does not brush regularly.	向没有定期刷牙的病人推荐更多氟化物产品几乎没有什么用处。	0
It is often an effective psychological method to break the ice with a new group, and it sometimes helps tense participants to relax.	这通常是一种有效的心理方法，可以与一个新的群体一起打破冰，有时也有助于紧张的参与者放松。	1
It is often best to use several tablets of such an enzyme with each meal for about one week, then gradually reduce the intake by one tablet each meal.	通常最好在每顿饭中使用几片此类酶，持续一周左右，然后逐渐减少每顿饭的摄入量。	0
It is often the case that current actions are supported and valued by friends, relatives and others who are important to the individual.	经常出现的情况是，目前的行动得到对个人重要的朋友，亲属和其他人的支持和重视。	1
It is one of the mechanisms of global environmental analysis.	它是全球环境分析的机制之一。	1
It is one popular natural skin care to clear acne that almost everyone takes for granted.	这是一种流行的天然皮肤护理，可以清除痤疮几乎每个人都认为理所当然 .	2
It is only natural that the dog might have some sudden health disease requiring an immediate need for attention, thus it is always best to have a top dog insurance policy in place beforehand.	狗可能会出现一些突发的健康疾病，需要立即引起关注，这是很自然的，因此最好事先制定顶级狗保单。	1
It is our intention to build associated publishing activities in these regions and we are already establishing a publishing presence in Beijing and in New Delhi.	我们打算在这些地区建立相关的出版活动，我们已经在北京和新德里建立了出版机构。	1
It is our pleasure to present Steven Black for the fourth time in Galerie Alexandra Saheb.	我们很高兴能第四次在 Galerie Alexandra Saheb 向 Steven Black 介绍情况。	0
It is our priority to listen to your needs and help you in anyway we can.	我们的首要任务是倾听您的需求，并在任何可能的情况下帮助您。	0
It is particularly unfortunate that the effect of constructivistic rationalism should have been mainly felt in economics.	尤其令人遗憾的是，结构主义的影响应该主要体现在经济学上。	0
It is planned that over the eight to nine year project the shelter will be transformed into a stable and environmentally safe system that will last for many decades.	计划在 8 至 9 年的项目中将住房转变为一个稳定和环境安全的系统，该系统将持续数十年。	1
It is possible to take care of this and remove the block.	可以处理此问题并拆下挡块。	1
It is possibly this diversity of resource angles that makes it easier to comprehend, and actually it can be constructive in accumulating indication about further societal activities on a wider extent.	正是这种资源角度的多样性才可能使人们更容易理解，而且实际上，它可以在更广泛的范围内积累关于进一步社会活动的指示。	0
It is produced by the adrenal glands, which are found on top of the upper part of the kidneys.	它是由肾上腺产生的，可在肾上腺的顶部找到。	0
It is proven that learning a new language is easier if you hear it often.	事实证明，如果您经常听到新语言，学习新语言就会更容易。	1
It is quite easy to find (look for the big fish coming off the sign) but you are going to need your own transportation as there are no bus stops in the area.	这里很容易找到（寻找标志下的大鱼），但你需要自己的交通工具，因为该地区没有巴士站。	1
It is quite possible that there may be other satellites still undiscovered.	很有可能还有其他卫星尚未被发现。	0
It is really hood and I hope for an update soon.	这确实是一个好消息，我希望不久后能有一个更新。	1
It is recommended that in any Certificate that the NEB may issue, the following recommendations be attached as conditions of approval.	建议在 NEB 可能签发的任何证书中，附上以下建议作为批准条件。	0
It is recommended that you use professionals to assist you in the process.	建议您使用专业人员协助您完成此过程。	0
It is right next to a mall, not really in a neighborhood, and across the street from a police station, so it is very safe, and not too much trouble comes through.	它就在一个购物中心旁边，不是在一个社区，街对面就是一个警察局，所以它很安全，没有太多的麻烦。	0
It is routinely used in disposable cartridges for treating water used in low volume devices such as espresso machines and coffee brewers.	它通常用于一次性滤筒，用于处理浓缩咖啡机和咖啡冲泡机等低量设备中的水。	1
It is sad how we forget about the victims of these horrific crimes.	我们忘记了这些可怕罪行的受害者，这是令人悲哀的。	0
It is sad when you have to sedate you dogs.	当你不得不咬你的狗时，这是令人难过的。	2
It is seen as a huge breakthrough as the disease not only causes grape loss, but also requires the use of costly chemical fungicides and causes a decline in wine quality.	这被视为一个巨大的突破，因为这种疾病不仅造成葡萄损失，而且还需要使用昂贵的化学杀真菌剂，并导致葡萄酒质量下降。	0
It is shameful and disgusting to vote for starvation but the GOP always stands up for idiocy and retarded thought and deed.	投票支持饥饿是可耻和令人厌恶的，但 GOP 总是支持愚蠢和滞后的思想和行动。	0
It is situated on the by perception betterment facilities in this lilliputian property.	酒店坐落在这座百万年建筑中的视觉改善设施上。	2
It is so nice to come back to a homey atmosphere in contrast to the activity of the strip.	与拉斯维加斯大道的活动形成鲜明对比，回到家一般的氛围是非常好的。	1
It is so peculiar to Obama and the liberals Deception and lies.	这对奥巴马和自由主义者来说是如此的独特——欺骗和谎言。	1
It is spread out over two levels with living room with fireplace and kitchenette, double bedroom, bathroom with shower.	它分布在两层楼，设有带壁炉和小厨房的起居室，双人卧室，带淋浴的浴室。	1
It is standing up for our Government and our constitution.	它是为我国政府和我国宪法而成立的。	1
It is strictly advisable to take the dose as prescribed by your doctor as an overdose can lead to anxiety and troubled sleeping.	严格地说，最好按照医生的处方服用剂量，因为过量用药会导致焦虑和不安的睡眠。	0
It is supported with the bundled software iDVD.	捆绑的软件 iDVD 支持此功能。	2
It is the best representation of your hard work.	这是您辛勤工作的最佳表现。	1
It is the common practice of those who go out from school to seek employment as teachers in the public schools.	那些辍学的人在公立学校寻找教师是一种常见的做法。	2
It is the experience not the compound which induces it which is responsible.	这是经验而不是化合物所造成的。	1
It is the first time it has been raised and I hear about it.	这是我第一次提出这一问题，我听到了这一消息。	0
It is the first trade fair for personal accessories to reflect the current trend towards staging individuality as a subject in its own right.	这是第一个个人配饰交易会，旨在反映当前将个性化作为其自身主体的趋势。	1
It is the last year before those stupid PSLs kick in and they are never going to go into rebuilding mode.	这是愚蠢的 PSL 进入的最后一年，他们永远不会进入重建模式。	2
It is the living cell from which France sprang.	这是法国所从的活细胞。	2
It is the nature of the work you do that will determine whether you will attain financial freedom or not.	你所做的工作的性质决定你是否会获得经济自由。	0
It is therefore necessary to show not only understanding but also full respect towards these sentiments and desires.	因此，不仅要表现出理解，而且要充分尊重这些情感和愿望。	0
It is the responsibility of the permit holder to ensure that any material, rubbish, etc dropped in the area is removed picked up and the area is left in a neat and tidy condition.	许可证持有人有责任确保将任何掉落在该地区的材料，垃圾等清除掉，并使该地区保持整洁。	0
It is the same story that has been repeated through history.	这是历史中重复的同一个故事。	1
It is the softest most comfortable blanket available.	这是最柔软，最舒适的毯子。	0
It is the third time for Italy to compete at the Olympic and its best record is the fifth place in 2004 Athens Games.	这是意大利第三次参加奥运会，其最佳成绩是 2004 年雅典奥运会的第五名。	0
It is the understandable fear of many that this nightmare will never end and that the America we once knew will disappear into the mist.	许多人可以理解的担心是，这场噩梦永远不会结束，我们曾经知道的美国将会消失在迷雾中。	0
It is thought that he might have given direct mathematical instruction to the colonists of New Virginia since his patron was the Earl of Northumberland, which would have given him a direct connection to those early settlers.	据认为，他可能会直接向新弗吉尼亚的殖民者提供数学指导，因为他的赞助人是诺森伯兰的伯爵，这将使他与早期定居者有直接的联系。	2
It is too bad that most fans are like this but that is just the nature of man.	大多数球迷都这样做是太糟糕了，但这只是人的本性。	1
It is touching to see your grandson paging through a comic book which you once borrowed from someone and forgot to return it, on purpose.	看到你的孙子在一本漫画书里翻页是很感动的，你曾经从别人那里借来过，忘记故意归还它。	2
It is true that both sides have some testing questions to answer.	确实，双方都有一些测试问题需要回答。	1
It is true that God cannot be both almighty and good if you restrict Him to our level - three dimensions of space and one dimension of time.	的确，如果你将上帝限制在我们的水平上，即空间的三个方面和时间的一个方面，那么他就不可能既强大又好。	2
It is true, that not each and every expert scientist and philosopher have accepted the idea of an indeterministic universe but current physics leaves no choice and most expert scientists have.	的确，并非每一位专家科学家和哲学家都接受了一个不确定的宇宙的概念…但目前的物理学没有选择，大多数专家科学家也有选择。	2
It is true whether we are talking about demanding the kind of subject matter competency of teachers and the kind of accountability of teachers, which they have steadfastly opposed.	我们是否在谈论要求教师的学科能力和教师的问责性，这是正确的，他们一直坚决反对这种要求。	2
It is turn circumscribe of these online betting firms can be quite irresistible at ordinal, so in this section I expectation to ply both wise advice on how you should go almost choosing one.	这是对这些网上博彩公司的限制，因此，在这一节中，我期望就如何选择一家提供明智的建议。	1
It is unable to utilize antioxidants, which puts the body in danger of oxidative stress and premature tissue aging.	它不能使用抗氧化剂，这会使人体面临氧化压力和组织过早老化的危险。	0
It is unclear why referral rates differ between rural and urban family medicine practices.	农村和城市家庭医疗做法的转诊率为何不同，这一点尚不清楚。	1
It is unfortunately common for sales agents to separate AVS from their transaction fee when advertising to mail order and Internet merchants.	遗憾的是，销售代理在向邮购和互联网商家进行广告时，将 AVS 与交易费用分开是常见的现象。	1
It is unique because it not only is decorated on the outside but on the inside as well!!!	它是独一无二的，因为它不仅在外面装饰，而且在里面也装饰！！！	1
It is unusual to announce the judge so early; often the judge is sometimes not named until a week before the trial date.	这样早宣布法官是不寻常的；法官有时直到审判日期前一周才被点名。	2
It is usually best to hire a professional layout designer or graphic artist to do your catalogs.	通常最好聘请专业版式设计师或图形艺术家来制作您的目录。	0
It is usually worked tirelessly on over years of time on a systematic path to achieve victory.	它通常在多年的时间里为取得胜利而不懈努力。	1
It is usualy the last resort if you cannot find what your looking for at one of the other office supply stores.	如果你在其他的办公用品商店找不到你想要的东西，这通常是最后的选择。	0
It is very easy to slip into this kind of situation unless we remain aware and continue to be conservative.	除非我们仍然意识到并继续保守，否则很容易陷入这种局面。	1
It is very important that innovations are brought to market.	将创新推向市场非常重要。	0
It is very important that you read your admission ticket and make sure that all of the information is accurate before reporting to the site on the day of the test.	在测试当天向站点报告之前，阅读您的入场券并确保所有信息都准确无误，这一点非常重要。	0
It is very interesting because it describes meticulously all the stops and their acioustic properties (but you have to know some acoustics).	它非常有趣，因为它详细地描述了所有的站点和它们的 acioustic 属性（但你必须知道一些声学）。	0
It is very tempting to study the ones we like and leave the nasty ones for another time.	研究我们喜欢的那些，并将这些讨厌的那种留给另一个时间，是非常诱人的。	2
It is vital to us that our Cotton clients receive competent and diligent legal representation.	对我们来说，棉花客户必须得到称职和勤奋的法律代表。	2
It is well recognised that it would not be sufficient for a claimant to make a bare assertion of malice in order for her claim to survive.	人们公认，索赔人仅仅声称自己的恶意行为是不够的，她的说法才会继续存在。	2
It is wise to avoid overloading a single electrical point with multiplug adapters, you are better off by buying a circuit breaker adapter for computer equipment.	最好避免多插头适配器使单个电气点过载，最好购买计算机设备的断路器适配器。	1
It is wise to seek the assistance of an academic advisor in matters of student transfer.	在学生转学问题上寻求学术顾问的协助是明智的。	0
It is within these new contexts that the discussion about our differences can be framed and where we can locate the practices of the movement that have produced the greatest tension.	正是在这些新的背景下，关于我们的分歧的讨论可以形成框架，我们可以找到造成最大紧张局势的运动的做法。	1
It is worth far more than just some airport novel.	它比一些机场小说更值得。	2
It is you who would be held responsible if the order is not documented.	如果订单未记录，则由您负责。	0
It itself is based on the further belief that all income which is due to the performance of labor is wages and that all who work are wage earners.	它本身的基础是进一步的信念，即所有因劳动表现而产生的收入都是工资，所有工作的人都是工资劳动者。	0
It just holds the other side red when necessary.	必要时，它只会将另一侧保持为红色。	0
It keeps wrinkling and I end up not using it.	它不断起皱，我最终没有使用它。	1
It left a void in its absence that begged to be filled.	它在缺席的情况下留下了一个有待填补的空白。	0
It looked as if their arrival had blasted apart the nearby terrain.	他们的到来似乎使附近的地形分崩离析。	1
It looks like a cross between a poodle and a whale.	它看起来像是一只小熊和一只鲸鱼之间的十字架。	1
It looks like Lucky Lucy has been busy!	看起来 Lucy 很忙！	0
It looks nice but the content is pretty poor.	它看起来不错，但内容很差。	0
It made her wonder whether his feelings were genuine.	这让她怀疑他的感受是否真实。	1
It made the world hold still and then speed up in random bursts.	它使世界保持静止，然后以随机爆发的速度加速。	2
It main function of lubricant oil is to lubricate every moving part of your engine or machine with a protective film that reduce friction.	润滑油的主要功能是用可减少摩擦的保护膜润滑发动机或机器的每个运动部件。	0
It may also help treat depression in those who have psychotic symptoms.	它还有助于治疗精神病患者的抑郁症。	0
It may also retain the service of such consultants or other persons that it considers are desirable.	它还可以保留它认为可取的顾问或其他人员的服务。	1
It may also verify whether the card has been lost or stolen, or whether there is a database entry corresponding to the card information.	它还可以验证卡是否丢失或被盗，或者是否有与卡信息对应的数据库条目。	0
It may be possible to charge for the use of certain public services like refuse collection, but it is much more difficult to employ charges for collectively consumed services like police protection and local roads.	使用某些公共服务（如垃圾收集）可能收费，但对集体消费服务（如警察保护和当地道路）收费要困难得多。	1
It may be that something there is preventing the site from loading in a timely manner.	可能是因为某些东西阻止了现场的及时装载。	2
It may be that the state will rely on these studies as the basis for expansion and further development, but the RTT proposal is silent on this question.	也许国家将依靠这些研究作为扩大和进一步发展的基础，但 RTT 提案对此问题只字不提。	0
It may not show, but there has been a lot expectant work going on behind the scenes.	它可能没有显示出来，但在幕后有很多预期的工作。	1
It means to be absolutely loyal to the best interests of the enterprise even if it means that you get cut out of decisionmaking for financial or other reasons.	这意味着绝对忠诚于企业的最佳利益，即使这意味着您因财务或其他原因而被削减决策。	2
It means to bring back the species onto its authentic path and then keep it there.	这意味着将物种带回到其真正的路径上，然后将其保留在那里。	2
It might apply if mercy were the sole object; but where justice and mercy unite there must be conditions, whereby we avail ourselves of the benefits of his death.	如果怜悯是唯一的目标，这可能适用；但在正义和怜悯团结在一起的情况下，必须有条件，让我们利用他的死亡所带来的好处。	1
It might give you a good laugh or you might turn it off in disgust.	它可能会给你一个好的笑声，或者你可能会在厌恶中把它关掉。	2
It might help if people spelt everything out instead of omitting letters.	如果人们把所有的东西都拼写出来而不是删掉信件，可能会有所帮助。	1
It might just have been that I actually heard them, but was hanging out in the back and not paying attention to who was on stage.	也许只是我听到了他们的声音，但却在后面徘徊，不注意谁在舞台上。	2
It must be considered both from the aspect of the user and the application itself.	必须从用户和应用程序本身的角度来考虑它。	0
It must be the look Anifiel used on Demons.	这一定是阿尼菲尔在恶魔上的样子。	2
It normally has a single trunk to 15 cm diameter at breast height.	在乳房高度时，它通常有一个直径为 15 厘米的单导管。	2
I told him that I was from a country called America and he continued with his questions persistently while intermittently chiming in facts about New Grecia.	我告诉他，我来自一个叫美国的国家，他一直在问他的问题，同时间歇性地对新格雷西亚的事实进行了调查。	2
I told them the brown bear is going to come close to us if they do not watch, and the brown bear is going to walk around our houses.	我告诉他们，如果他们不看的话，棕熊就会靠近我们，棕熊就会在我们的房子周围走动。	1
I tonelessly agreed with everything he suggested, not giving a shit about much of anything he had to say at the moment.	我毫无根据地同意他所建议的一切，而不是对他目前所说的许多话说一句话。	2
It only has countless positive comments over the internet.	在互联网上，它只有无数的正面评价。	1
I too am HONOURED to serve at Gods altar.	我也很荣幸在神坛上服务。	0
I took a few pictures but none of them are really very good because the woman would not stand still, so I figure I'll not show ugly pictures of her.	我拍了几张照片，但没有一张真的很好，因为那个女人不会站着，所以我想我不会展示她的丑陋照片。	1
I took Carrie to urgent care the day after the accident because she was having head pain.	事故发生后的第二天，我就把卡里急诊，因为她头部疼痛。	2
I took deep breaths and tried to relax.	我深呼吸并试图放松。	0
I took my old profile pic off the site to avoid any further questions or confusion about what i actually look like now.	我将旧的个人资料照片从网站上拿走，以避免对我现在的实际情况有任何进一步的疑问或困惑。	1
I took responsibility for losing my temper but he takes no responsibility for his role.	我负责失去我的脾气，但他对自己的角色不承担任何责任。	2
I took the liberty of drawing your attention to this subject and last year in the General Assemblies we had an excellent discussion.	我自由地提请你注意这个问题，去年在大会上我们进行了出色的讨论。	1
I touched the ground and walked towards him.	我触地朝他走去。	2
It pays to be keeping a lookout for owners needing to shift to a newer model, and so needing to sell the auto of your dreams.	对于需要转向新车型，因此需要销售梦想汽车的车主，保持警惕是值得的。	1
It plays beautifully and is a marvelous example of a late '60s Smith.	它的表演非常漂亮，是 60 年代末的史密斯的一个了不起的例子。	1
It practically broke his heart to see her like that.	看到她这样的样子，他的心实际上已经碎了。	1
It prevents implantation of a fertilized egg (if an egg was fertilized by the unprotected sex).	它可以防止受精卵的植入（如果卵因无保护的性行为受精）。	0
It probably really helps them or it utterly confuses them.	这可能真的会帮助他们，或者完全让他们感到困惑。	1
It protects all parties and ensures the broker and agent get their commissions and that taxes are paid fairly.	它保护所有各方，并确保经纪人和代理人获得佣金，并确保公平支付税款。	1
It proves extremely difficult to develop convincing descriptions or categories for objects broader than the facility.	事实证明，为比设施更广泛的物体制定令人信服的描述或类别极为困难。	1
It provides a buffer against losses that have not been anticipated and, in the event of problems, enables the insurer to continue operating while the problems are addressed or resolved.	它提供了一个缓冲措施，防止未预见到的损失，如果出现问题，保险公司可以在问题得到解决或解决的同时继续经营。	1
It provides leeway to organized crime and erodes confidence in democratic institutions.	它为有组织犯罪提供了回旋余地，并削弱了对民主机构的信心。	1
It provides participants with necessary skills to promote and sell their film projects in an international market.	它为参与者提供必要的技能，以便在国际市场上推广和销售他们的电影项目。	1
It provides the highest degree of corrosion resistance and color retention available.	它具有最高的耐腐蚀性和颜色保持能力。	0
It quickly became clear that he could apply all the techniques he had learnt and practised at the kart track to larger vehicles.	很快就可以清楚地看出，他可以将他在卡丁车赛道上学到和练习的所有技巧应用到更大的车辆上。	0
It ran for two seasons before being canceled.	它在被取消之前运行了两个季节。	2
It reads like basic reason and common sense to me.	这对我来说是一个基本的理由和常识。	2
It really amazes me when people say they hate discussing politics or politics is not their interest.	当有人说他们讨厌讨论政治或政治不是他们的兴趣时，我真的很惊讶。	1
It really depends on the college or university policy.	这实际上取决于大学或大学的政策。	1
I trekked up the stony path beside the tumbling river and the almond trees in flower accompanied me to either side.	我沿着这条路上的石头小径徒步旅行，沿着这条路，我两旁都是花丛的杏仁树。	1
It relates to my experiences on other public forums, including some that predate the internet.	这与我在其他公共论坛上的经历有关，包括一些在互联网之前的经历。	0
It requires the help of the Holy Spirit.	它需要圣灵的帮助。	1
It requires the same admin account name and password on all systems.	在所有系统上，它需要相同的管理员帐户名和密码。	0
I tried to buy some time and finish my career and not have the big surgery.	我想花点时间完成我的职业生涯，而不是做大手术。	1
I tried to find it when we exited but he was long gone.	我在我们离开的时候试图找到它，但他早就走了。	1
I tried to run crysis at that reso but the performance was very bad..	我试着在那个地方跑 Crysis ，但是表演非常糟糕。。。。	2
It robs too much attention from the rest of the beauty of Chicago.	它从芝加哥的其他美景中夺走了太多的注意力。	1
I truly believe this case was a serious blow to freedom of speech and was a step towards thought control.	我真的认为这一事件是对言论自由的严重打击，是走向思想控制的一步。	0
I truly find that most of the time the Leathernecks themselves are to blame for the loss of the team, though obviously when someone in the Comm chair is purely bad at it, that is also another reason.	我确实发现，大多数时候莱斯内克自己都要为团队的流失负责，尽管显然当商务会议主席的人对团队的损失完全不满意时，这也是另一个原因。	1
I try to rate each review I read, but sometimes I am forgetful.	我尝试对每一条评论都打分，但有时我会感到健忘。	1
Its actually means that Crystal Report print job limit has been reached and you should handle this .	实际上，它意味着 Crystal Report 打印作业已达到限制，您应该处理此问题。	1
It s all a matter of healthy cooking for both you and your dog, and making homemade dog food is a great way to start.	对于您和您的狗来说，这都是健康烹饪的问题，制作自制的狗食是一个很好的开始。	1
Its all scare tactics for pathetic management to use against the frightened and the ignorant worker.	这一切都是用可悲的管理手段对付恐惧和无知的工人的可怕策略。	1
Its always good to be suprised and I certainly have with how quick responces have been and questions answered.	我总是感到惊讶，而且我肯定能很快地作出反应并回答问题。	1
Its a shame that a superb story such as yours gets overlooked.	像你这样的一个极好的故事被忽视，这是一个耻辱。	1
It says teacher training courses have neglected physical education, fuelling a shortage of teachers with expertise in the subject.	它说，教师培训课程忽视了体育教育，助长了具有该学科专门知识的教师短缺。	1
It says that stutterers suffer from one underlying problem.	它说，恶臭者有一个根本问题。	2
Its been real tempting to drop the vw scene all together. but its the few people that I DO like that keep me here.	把大众的场景放在一起真的很诱人。但我喜欢的人很少让我留在这里。	2
Its Cathedral is an imposing carved stone building.	它的大教堂是一座宏伟的雕刻石建筑。	0
Its citizens are no longer concerned with the greater good; their struggles do not go far beyond what is necessary to ensure their personal comfort.	它的公民不再关心更大的利益；他们的斗争不会远远超出确保其个人舒适所必需的范围。	1
Its compact size makes it ideal for home and business environments.	其紧凑的尺寸使其成为家庭和商业环境的理想选择。	1
Its compatible with the standard and plus boxes > though not the HD unfortunately.	它与标准和加号盒兼容 > 但不幸的是，它不兼容 HD 。	0
It s critical to know what price you ll accept before beginning a negotiation with a buyer.	在开始与买家谈判之前，了解您将接受的价格至关重要。	1
Its degree is determined by the learning on the practice series which is shown by the individual results to vary considerably.	其程度由实践系列的学习决定，实践系列的学习表现为个人结果差异很大。	1
It seamlessly integrates with the most popular workgroup applications and is completely open to other business applications.	它与最流行的工作组应用程序无缝集成，并完全开放给其他业务应用程序。	1
It secures the chain at two links when ...	当 ... 时，它将链条固定在两个链节上	0
It seemed a little easier to die in the company of people you knew.	在你认识的人的陪伴下，似乎更容易死。	2
It seemed he could reach out and touch the moon.	他似乎可以伸出手触摸月亮。	0
It seemed like fate was helping me, giving me a chance to interact with him.	似乎命运在帮助我，让我有机会与他互动。	0
It seemed like just yesterday I found her walking and thought she was just a crazy elderly woman.	好像就在昨天，我发现她走了走，以为她只是一个疯狂的老年妇女。	2
It seemed like the book of Acts all over again.	这似乎又是一本《行动手册》。	0
It seemed natural to speculate that they were inhabited.	推测他们有人居住似乎很自然。	1
It seemed reasonably clear where that was going.	这种情况似乎相当清楚。	1
It seems as though there is still so much we do not yet now, and that can be both frustrating and intriguing.	看来我们现在还没有这么多东西，这既令人沮丧，又令人着迷。	2
It seems everything was against my trying to get this working .	似乎一切都与我的努力是不一样的。	0
It seems like a good idea at first, but the excitement of a new companion can soon wear off when the responsibility becomes too great, and the novelty fades.	起初这似乎是一个好主意，但当责任变得太大时，新伙伴的兴奋很快就会消失，而新奇的东西也会消失。	0
It seems like a lifetime ago since I was at boarding schoolI still see a therapist, and I am well aware that I can still relapse at any time.	从我在寄宿学校…我仍然看到一名治疗师，我很清楚，我仍然可以随时复发。	1
It seems like such a waste of time and energy.	这似乎是浪费时间和精力。	0
It seems more logical to me to have both terms of his presidency grouped into one paragraph rather than separated.	对我来说，把他的两个主席任期合并成一个段落而不是分开，似乎更符合逻辑。	1
It seems other people are on a book kick now as well.	似乎其他人现在也在读书。	0
It seems that Barton gets deeper and deeper with each book.	巴顿似乎对每本书都有了深入的了解。	0
It seems that I have to teach you a lesson!	我似乎要教你一堂课！	1
It seems that next chapter is bound to be very interesting.	下一章似乎很有趣。	0
It seems that public galleries have gone technological in part to educate, and in part to increase their audience share of the entertainment dollar.	看来，公共画廊在某种程度上已经成为了教育的技术，而在某种程度上也是为了增加观众在娱乐美元中所占的份额。	1
It seems that the liquid waste contained primarily uranium and other heavy metals.	液体废物似乎主要含有铀和其他重金属。	0
It seems that they are exploiting the needy and charging more than the conventional banks.	他们似乎在剥削穷人，并收取比传统银行更多的费用。	1
It seems that while we are happy to claim equality as a goal we work so fervently to create advantage for our kids?	看来，虽然我们很高兴将平等作为一个目标，但我们却如此热切地为我们的孩子创造了优势？	1
It seems this message is making the rounds!	这似乎是一个消息！	2
It seems this thread is headed towards the white walls and white halls.	这条线似乎朝着白色的墙壁和白色的大厅方向发展。	2
It seems to be terribly mismanaged and arrogant to provide such a vital function for the Internet.	为互联网提供如此重要的功能似乎是一种严重的错误管理和傲慢。	1
It seems to matter more than alot of other things.	这似乎比许多其他事情更重要。	0
It sends a good message and shows there are healthier ways to be more happy with yourself.	它发出了一个良好的信息，并显示有更健康的方式让您对自己更满意。	1
Its five principles are as relevant today as they were two decades ago when the Act was unanimously supported by all political parties.	它的五项原则今天与 20 年前的原则一样重要，当时该法得到了所有政党的一致支持。	0
Its flexible construction allows easy handling and small bending radius.	其灵活的结构便于操作和较小的弯曲半径。	2
It shall be written and shall end with a defence and oral presentation.	本报告应以书面形式提出，并以辩护和口头陈述结束。	0
It should be interesting to see how the introductions go.	看看介绍是如何进行的，应该很有趣。	1
It should be noted that in some cases the existence of a countermeasure to a particular vulnerability will not automatically lead to its deployment.	应该指出的是，在某些情况下，针对特定漏洞的对策并不会自动导致其部署。	1
It should be only a matter of time.	这应该只是时间问题。	0
It should not be considered legal advice for your specific situation.	不应将其视为针对您的特定情况的法律建议。	0
It should not be your main guide, rather it is to be used to help you assess how you are progressing in your studies.	它不应该是您的主要指南，而是用来帮助您评估您的学习进展情况。	1
It should seem that Itachi may be giving in to the idea of making his relationship with Sasuke a bit more sexual.	伊塔奇似乎正在考虑让他与佐苏克的关系变得更具性。	2
Its juked me so many times its got me gun shy about selling before a 200% run up.	它让我被它吸引了很多次，它让我在两成的销量增长之前就对销售感到害羞。	2
Its members have justified hostage taking as a legitimate military tactic.	其成员为劫持人质行为辩解，认为这是一种合法的军事战术。	0
Its mission was to develop a local system to respond to disaster within the country.	它的任务是建立一个地方系统，以应对国内的灾害。	0
Its my birthday but I thought I was banned from the computer for a second then.	这是我的生日，但我以为我被电脑禁止了一秒钟。	1
Its not the people that have been living here all their lives that are wanting to change America for the most part.	不是生活在这里的人民一直想改变美国的大部分。	2
Its not the teachers or the teachings its the ignorant mind that comes in our way!!!	这不是老师或教义，而是我们所遇到的无知的思想！！！	1
Its not they got their opportunity to vote but decided not to EVERYONE has the opportunity to vote.	他们没有机会投票，而是决定不让每个人都有机会投票。	2
Its objective is to see how employees understand the content of the document and how the values it talks about are realised.	其目标是了解员工如何理解文档的内容以及文档所述的价值观是如何实现的。	0
Its original inhabitant was the archbishop of Sens.	其原居民是新斯大主教。	0
It sounded like his own voice only colder and darker which thrilled him to the core and made him question its source.	这听起来就像他自己的声音更冷，更暗，这让他兴奋不已，并使他质疑其来源。	1
It sounds gay but editor Bill Schulz says gancing is actually a carefully choreographed way that straight guys use to meet women.	这听起来是同性恋，但编辑比尔 · 舒尔兹说，“看一眼”实际上是一种精心策划的方式，人们可以用它来认识女人。	2
It sounds like you need to take some time to take care of yourself, because you have been hurt deeply by this.	听起来您需要花一些时间来照顾自己，因为您受到了深深的伤害。	1
It s perhaps even more critical given the crippling effect that litigation can have on a smaller company.	考虑到诉讼可能对小型公司造成的严重影响，这种情况也许更为关键。	0
It spilled into the path of Jen, who decided to see how slowly she could redirect the ball over the goal line.	这场比赛进入了 Jen 的道路， Jen 决定看看她能以多慢的速度将球转过目标线。	2
It spreads by sending out suckers with little plants that root and grow on.	它的传播方式是将小植物的吸乳器和小植物一起种出来并生长。	2
Its reason is that either the people acknowledge these moral values just as of formality or they have their foundation on emotions alone.	其原因是，要么人们仅仅承认这些道德价值观，要么仅仅是形式，要么他们的基础就是情感。	1
Its shape was nearly a natural arc, the ends of which blended with the mountain, at points where its sides were less abrupt in their descent.	它的形状几乎是一个自然弧，其末端与山混合，在那里，山的侧面在下降时不那么突然。	2
Its sole duty was in private law under its agreement with the Government.	根据与政府的协议，它的唯一职责是私法。	1
Its specific objective is to demonstrate and promote professional practices in geography culminating in a research plan that will serve as the basis for developing a graduate research proposal.	其具体目标是展示和推广地理方面的专业做法，最终形成一项研究计划，作为拟订研究生研究提案的基础。	0
Its surface appeared to shimmer or shudder in the light.	它的表面似乎在光照中颤抖或颤抖。	2
It started when I thought that to be strong you must be flame retardant.	这是从我认为要想强壮就必须是阻燃剂的时候开始的。	2
It starts with reforming our broken system of government contracting.	首先是改革我们支离破碎的政府承包制度。	0
Its tax seasonand she does ppl taxes on the side.	这是一个税收季节，她也是一个税收的地方。	2
Its the cocoa that makes high quality dark chocolate healthier.	可可可使高品质黑巧克力更健康。	2
It still thrills and excites even to this day in all its forms.	它至今仍在以各种形式出现，令人兴奋和兴奋。	2
It stinks as one of them was for $2200!	因为其中一个是 2200 美元，所以很臭！	2
It s tough to be a coach in these types of matches, but these are the things that make a volleyball team better.	在这些类型的比赛中，很难成为教练，但这些都是让排球队更好的因素。	2
Its twopiece construction allows multiple tables to be stored in a compact space.	其双阿片结构允许在紧凑的空间中存储多张桌子。	2
It sums up exactly where I am in my life right now.	它准确地总结了我目前生活中的情况。	0
It surprised me to see how heartbroken Mike was.	看到迈克是多么心碎，我感到很惊讶。	0
Its very easy to use and written in Classic ASP.	它非常易于使用，并以经典 ASP 编写。	2
Its wholly close to however Minnesotans weatherworn the Storms!	这里离明尼苏达州的风雨雨都很近！	2
It takes a lot more patience and I am sure some training and help along the way, but it CAN be done.	这需要更多的耐心，我相信在这一过程中会有一些培训和帮助，但这是可以做到的。	1
It takes place just after Harry kisses Ginny after the Quidditch game in HBP.	它发生在哈利 · 金尼在 HBP 的奎迪奇队比赛后接吻了吉尼之后。	1
It takes them ages to get onto these things.	他们需要很长时间才能完成这些任务。	0
It tells us nothing of the life and times of Walter Howard Daughtry.	它没有告诉我们沃尔特 · 霍华德 · 多格特的生活和时代。	0
It tends to be a bit of a hindrance when it comes to dealing with people - especially in situations where confrontation is already on the cards.	在与人打交道时，这往往是一种障碍，特别是在对抗已经在卡上的情况下。	2
It thus became used to describe the moment when a joke, prank, or clever game is finished.	因此，它被用来描述一个笑话，支架或聪明游戏结束的时刻。	2
It thus differs from philosophy as it is usually understood.	因此，它与通常所理解的哲学不同。	0
It took Christain two years of Bible study with staff and myself before he was to be baptized.	基督在接受洗礼之前，和工作人员和我一起学习了两年的圣经。	2
It took everything left inside of her to reply.	她的一切都是用她的内心来回答的。	2
It took her a few days to steel herself enough to face the graves again.	她花了几天时间把自己的身子拉得够面对坟墓了。	2
It took her a moment or two to swallow her anger.	她花了一两分钟时间才吞下了她的愤怒。	2
It took me some time to register that he said something to me.	我花了一些时间才登记，他对我说了些什么。	2
It took me three months to make up my mind.	我花了三个月的时间来决定自己的想法。	0
It took most of that time to just clean one of the bedrooms, the one that Ginny deemed her room.	大部分时间都需要清洁其中一间卧室，这间卧室是 Ginny 认为她的房间。	2
It took the last of its strength to ward off the blow and Gin watched helplessly as his hand involuntarily dropped the kunai.	他用了最后一个力量来抵御打击，而金氏却在无意中放下库奈的时候，袖手旁观。	2
It took till dinner for him to start conjugating other verbs that Jesse started throwing at him.	他花了晚餐时间才开始和杰西开始向他投掷的其他动词结合起来。	2
It twisted my stomach and made my throat clench up.	它扭曲了我的胃，使我的喉咙痛了起来。	1
I turned around and glimpsed the yellow flash to my left.	我转身向左看着黄色的闪光。	1
I turned it off and went back to the pointless search.	我把它关掉了，然后又回到了毫无意义的搜索。	1
I turn the invite over to see a hand written note.	我将邀请转过来看一份手写的说明。	2
I turn up it captivating that so many newcomers are given the imprecise sensation that there is one almighty answer to doing unquestionably in search engines.	我感到很着迷的是，如此多的新人被赋予了一种不确切的感觉，那就是在搜索引擎中毫无疑问地做了一个万能的答案。	2
It usually ends on Saturday night in early June, and many members want then to spend a relaxing weekend at the shore.	它通常在六月初的星期六晚上结束，许多成员希望在海岸度过一个轻松的周末。	1
It usually is diagnosed when trying to find the cause of kidney failure or high blood pressure that is difficult to control.	当试图找到肾功能衰竭或高血压的原因而难以控制时，通常会对其进行诊断。	0
It warms our hearts to know that he is enveloped by a canopy of intercession on his behalf!	我们心里很暖心，因为他被代他的一个调停的树冠包围着！	2
It was a beautiful brown color and had millions of branches and leaves hanging off it, shading a large area from the sun.	这是一种美丽的棕色，有数百万枝树枝和树叶悬在上面，遮光了一大片阳光。	1
It was a bit demoralizing and made the game feel a bit broken.	它有点让人沮丧，让游戏感觉有点坏。	0
It was a bloody battle between Naraku and the others.	这是纳鲁库和其他人之间的血腥战斗。	1
It was a chance of a lifetime, being accepted to this over seas school in London was just as rare as wining the lottery.	这是一个一生的机会，被伦敦的这所海外学校所接受，就像抽彩一样罕见。	2
It was actually nice not to have people bow down at the very sight of him.	实际上，不让人们在他眼前低头是件很好的事。	1
It was a habit they had all picked up, with their enhanced sense of smell.	这是他们都养成的习惯，有着增强的气味。	2
It was a joy to read simply because their type of composing is apparent without being simplistic and the authors describe things in just the appropriate amount of detail.	简单地阅读是一件乐事，因为他们的作品类型显而易见，但并不简单，作者只是以适当的细节描述事情。	1
It was a little time consuming but it was super simple to do and I will walk you through the steps.	这有点耗时，但操作非常简单，我将引导您完成这些步骤。	0
It was all massive log construction and had a huge fireplace made of large boulders, it could handle a six fool log with ease. adjacent to the lobby was the gift shop.	这是一个巨大的原木建筑，有一个巨大的壁炉，由大的巨石制成，它可以轻松地处理一个六个傻瓜。与大堂相邻的是礼品店。	2
It was also hard to throw a Pepsi can without hitting a car commercial during Super Bowl XLV between the Pittsburgh St...	在匹兹堡街（ Pittsburgh St. ）之间的超级碗（ Super Bowl XLV ）中，如果不撞到汽车商业，也很难扔出百事可乐罐。	2
It was also soon recognized that my intervention had kept a few teenagers from chopping fingers along with tomatoes.	人们很快也认识到，我的干预使几个青少年不会和西红柿一起砍手指。	2
It was amazing to wake up on a clear blue day and see the sky above me, and hear the waves, and just lay in bed with you.	在一个晴朗的蓝天醒来，看到我上面的天空，听到海浪，躺在床上，真是太棒了。	0
It was a neat squiggle that curved over and under the horizontal line.	它是一个整齐的弯角，在水平线上和水平线下弯曲。	2
It was an entire culture phenomenon that made it cool to wear trench coats and sunglasses with no wire frames.	这是一个完整的文化现象，穿没有钢丝框架的沟纹外套和太阳镜很酷。	2
It was an expensive lesson and when it was over, Heyes said, the Lamb looked so helpless and forlorn that he just had to bring him back to our claim.	这是一个昂贵的教训，当它结束时， Heyes 说，羔羊看起来如此无助和孤立无援，以至于他不得不把他带回我们的要求。	1
It was a nice blue color and it got us from point A to point B, but other than that it was pretty much garbage.	这是一种漂亮的蓝色，它让我们从 A 点到 B 点，但除此之外，它是相当多的垃圾。	2
It was an incredible scene this evening as hundreds of kids and their parents milled around during the rainy and windy night.	这是一个令人难以置信的景象，因为在雨和风的夜晚，成百上千的孩子和他们的父母在周围玩耍。	0
It was an old trophy and it made me think of Gilly.	这是一个古老的奖杯，它让我想起了吉利。	0
It was a perfect illustration of how the kayak has expanded our horizons.	这是一个完美的例子，说明皮划艇是如何扩大我们的视野的。	2
It was a pleasure getting to know everyone better while enjoying the fabulous tapas and wines thanks to our sponsors!	很高兴能更好地了解每个人，同时享受美味的小吃和葡萄酒，感谢我们的赞助者！	0
It was as if her mind had been taken over momentarily and she went on autopilot.	好像她的想法被暂时接管了，她就坐了自动驾驶仪。	2
It was as rich an experience for John and Hugh as it may have been for Mrs. Murray and her family as we were told about many stories and experiences during her visits on the farm.	对约翰和休来说，这是一次丰富的体验，对默里夫人和她的家人来说，这是一次丰富的体验，在她参观农场期间，我们被告知了许多故事和经历。	0
It was a state dinner in honour of their triumph at the CECAFA 2008.	这是为了纪念他们在 2008 年 CECAFA 会议上取得的胜利而举行的一次国家晚宴。	1
It was at her request - she was one of those mothers who hated even the thought of being a burden on her children - and each night they would ask her if she wanted them to stay.	这是在她的要求下 - 她是那些甚至不喜欢给她的孩子带来负担的母亲之一 - 每天晚上他们都会问她是否想让他们留下来。	1
It was a tiny little hamster I bought from stationary store .	这是我从文具店买的一个小仓鼠。	0
It was believed that his son had murdered him and seized the throne; but those were just whisperings and no one dared stir them up again out of fear of being overheard.	据认为，他的儿子杀害了他并夺取了王位；但这些只是耳语，没有人敢因为害怕被人听到而再次将他们搅动起来。	2
It was black but had light blue mixed with light green lines on it.	它是黑色的，但有浅蓝色混合着浅绿色的线条。	0
It was borne back by men with limbs and bodies hacked and broken and battered, but with lips smiling and babbling words of triumph.	这是由肢体和身体被打破，被殴打的人所支撑的，但他们却带着微笑和用言语来形容胜利。	2
It was built in 1539 for King Henry VIII to guard the entrance to the River Fal on its west bank, near Falmouth.	它建于 1539 年，为亨利八世国王建造，用于守卫法尔茅斯附近的 FAL 河的入口。	0
It was built on the foundations of an older wooden church from the year 1694.	它建于 1694 年以来的一座古老的木制教堂的基础上。	1
It was claimed that Microsoft will add in cloud services with Windows 8, nevertheless precisely what does it mean.	有人声称 Microsoft 将在 Windows 8 中添加云服务，但这正是它的含义。	0
It was clearly Molly who ran the household.	显然是 Molly 经营这家家庭。	1
It was clear that it was becoming increasingly difficult to govern.	显然，治理变得越来越困难。	0
It was cold under her skin but she squeezed it and pulled it open slowly.	她的皮肤下很冷，但她把它挤了，慢慢地把它拉开。	2
It was Darcy; he could see the copper highlights in her chestnut hair.	是达西，他可以看到她的栗子头发上的铜亮点。	2
It was dark and the air musty and damp.	黑暗，空气发霉，潮湿。	1
It was decided that before embarking on original (expensive) research it should be established what studies had already been carried out, and that this material should be collated in such a way as to make it more accessible.	会议决定，在开始进行原始（昂贵的）研究之前，应当确定已经进行了哪些研究，并且应当对这些材料进行整理，以便使其更容易获得。	1
It was demonstrated that the volatile oils in honey dilate the blood vessels of the kidneys and favour the diuresis.	事实证明，蜂蜜中的挥发性油会稀释肾脏的血管，有利于闭锁。	2
It was designed to supply large aluminium or steel body stampings of the highest quality.	它设计用于提供高质量的大型铝或钢制车身。	0
It was difficult because Draco knew that Weasley had some very legitimate grudges against him, and if he was honest, he would not have been so quick to forgive if the situation had been reversed.	这很困难，因为德拉科知道韦斯利对他有一些非常合法的怨恨，如果他诚实，如果情况已经逆转，他就不会如此迅速地原谅。	2
It was dominant in the league, losing only four times and finishing seven points clear of second place Dynamo Kiev.	它在联赛中占据主导地位，仅输了四次，并在基辅迪奥诺的第二名中获得了 7 分。	1
It was due in fewer than three weeks.	这一期限不到三周。	2
It was during this time that the experiment was carried out.	正是在这段时间里进行了试验。	1
It was everything that I dreamed and more.	这是我梦想中的一切，甚至更多。	1
It was extremely frustrating to keep shooting all afternoon and only make a handful of baskets but, when they...	整个下午都在射击，只能制作一小部分篮篮子，但当他们 ... 时，这是非常令人沮丧的。	2
It was filled with very expensive looking furniture.	这里到处都是看起来很贵的家具。	1
It was first established in 1981, after a law was passed by the Imo State House of Assembly allowing ...	它最初是在 1981 年成立的，当时海事组织州议会通过了一项法律，允许 .	0
It was founded in 1937 as an alternative to the American Bar Association and has several local chapters across the country.	它成立于 1937 年，是美国律师协会的替代方案，在全国各地设有几个地方分会。	0
It was founded on the most noble of principles.	它建立在最崇高的原则之上。	1
It was funded by the Ford Motor Company Fund.	它由福特汽车公司基金提供资金。	0
It was funny seeing his normally restrained partner acting like this.	看到他通常克制的伙伴这样做是很有趣的。	1
It was great they could all be there for his birthday.	很棒，他们都可以在那里庆祝他的生日。	2
It was hard to try and seek comfort from your best friend in a strictly platonic way, considering for the past two weeks they had been sleeping together.	考虑到过去两周他们一直睡在一起，很难以严格的平台方式尝试和寻求您最好的朋友的安慰。	2
It was having trouble identifying the correct amplitude.	无法确定正确的振幅。	1
It was he who designed and built Bangalore.	是他设计和建造了班加罗尔。	0
It was his first day as a marine and while he was older than most, he was new and still needed to learn the ropes.	这是他作为海洋的第一天，虽然他比大多数人年纪大，但他是新的，仍然需要学习绳索。	2
It was hoped, however, that the ability of the process to separate Pu from soil could be evaluated based on the remaining size fractions.	然而，希望可以根据剩余的大小分数来评估将钚与土壤分离的过程的能力。	2
It was indeed a horrible thing, for him to witness her like this.	对他来说，这是一件可怕的事，他就是这样见证她的。	2
It was in my work area and when I finally did get up, I felt pretty embarrassed because everyone was looking at me.	这是在我的工作区域，当我终于起来的时候，我感到非常尴尬，因为每个人都在看着我。	1
It was in the building over the Greyhound Bus Depot.	它位于灰狗巴士站的大楼内。	1
It was in the context of these activities that Sarah came to know her children.	正是在这些活动的背景下， Sarah 才认识到自己的孩子。	2
It was issued by individual states debt free in some cases.	在某些情况下，它是由个别国家发行的免债。	1
It was just enough to let light in but not enough to escape out of or open for fresh air.	让光线进来就够了，但也不足以逃离或打开新鲜空气。	2
It was just supposed to be a relaxing trip to the beach.	这只是一次放松的海滩之旅。	0
It was just the mini vacation I needed today.	这只是我今天需要的迷你假期。	0
It was just what he needed to fight both the Angels and something that could create a black hole.	这正是他需要与天使和可能制造黑洞的东西作战的东西。	0
It was kinda nice to have a chapter focused on just this pair, but it kinda be cool to see the same for some of the others.	有一个章节专门讨论这两个问题，这一点很好，但对其他一些人来说，也是很酷的。	1
It was kind of funny but I appreciate you doing it.	这有点有趣，但我很感谢你这样做。	1
It was latterly launched after so much hype among the crowd and the traders.	这是在人群和商人大肆宣传之后才推出的。	0
It was like a hole had opened in my chest and nothing I did made it any better.	这就像一个洞在我的胸部打开了，我没有做过更好的事。	2
It was like she was 6 years old and having a tantrum over not being able to lead the way around or being able to get every one her ways?	她好像 6 岁了，在不能绕道或不能按自己的方式走每一条路的问题上，她有一个大的问题？	2
It was lots of fun with original death sequences stacking up along the way.	这是一个有趣的地方，原始的死亡序列在路上堆积起来。	2
It was never my intention to have such a delay with it.	我从来都不打算这样拖延。	1
It was nice of your mother to let you go to Yosemite.	让你的母亲去约塞米蒂国家公园是很好的。	2
It was nice that he now tilted his head towards my hand and not away from it like he did in the beginning.	他现在把头朝我的手倾斜，而不像他在开始时那样远离我的手，这是很好的。	1
It was no coincidence that, in my early thirties, I began buying rental properties and as that was all I could afford, the houses were not in good condition.	在我 30 多岁的时候，我开始购买出租房屋，但我只能负担得起，房屋状况并不好，这并不是巧合。	2
It was not a contrast effect but a clearly distinguishable arc of halo glints.	这不是一种对比效应，而是一种明显不同的卤化合石弧。	0
It was not a small shimmer but a brilliant white light that grew and grew until Zoe was blinded by it.	这不是一个小的闪光点，而是一个灿烂的白光，它一直在成长，直到佐伊被它蒙住了。	2
It was noticed that ACSL1, whose expression increases in liver cells under both lipogenic and oxidative conditions, is localized on the ER but not on mitochondria or plasma membrane in rat primary hepatocytes.	人们注意到， ACSL1 在脂质和氧化性条件下在肝脏细胞中的表达会增加，它在 ER 上定位，但不在大鼠原肝细胞中的线粒体或血浆膜上定位。	1
It was not long before the bra began to feel uncomfortable.	不久后，内衣开始感到不舒服。	1
It was not morning, it was in fact past midday, but a there was no doubt that a Star was shinning in that lonely stretch of sand.	那不是早晨，而是过了中午，但毫无疑问，一颗星在那一片孤独的沙子里正在变白。	2
It was not simply a clash between old and new forms of religious worship although there was always a suspicion that James perhaps, but Charles more definitely, wished to rehabilitate Catholicism.	这不仅仅是新旧宗教信仰之间的冲突，尽管人们总是怀疑詹姆斯也许，而查尔斯更肯定地希望恢复天主教。	1
It was not unusual for products to fail.	产品出现故障并不罕见。	0
It was obvious that she had just woken from the sarcophagus and was still exhausted.	很明显，她刚刚从石棺醒过来，仍然精疲力尽。	0
It was one of the books in Slightly Series.	这是《微系列》中的一本书。	1
It was one of the most awkward things ever.	这是有史以来最尴尬的事情之一。	0
It was on his order and I went further away from him.	这是在他的命令下，我离他更远了。	2
It was only a matter of time before one of the most popular open source Music players, Amarok, got its own plasmoid.	最受欢迎的开放源代码音乐播放器之一 amaroK 获得自己的质地还只是一个时间问题。	1
It was only natural that Satsuki loathed to see her reduced to this state, miserable and wounded but trying to hide her pain.	萨图斯基自然地说，她已经陷入了这种状态，痛苦而受伤，但却试图掩盖她的痛苦。	1
It was only now that I was beginning to understand the consequences of my actions.	直到现在，我才开始了解我的行动的后果。	0
It was our hope to excavate to the pipe, directly below the sink hole (shown above) to determine if that was the location of the failing pipe.	我们希望在水槽孔正下方（如上所示）挖掘管道，以确定这是否是故障管道的位置。	0
It was our neighbour asking for help and then we had to jump up and we come to assist the help.	是我们的邻居在请求帮助，然后我们不得不跳起来，我们来帮助我们。	2
It was out of sight and provided quite a good hideaway.	这是一个很好的世外桃源	1
It was previously somewhere for people to drive through to get to the car park.	这里以前是人们开车经过的地方，去停车场。	2
It was probably the reason that he was rumored to be even smarter than the other two, and if not that, he possessed sheer potential due to amazing adaptability in any situation.	这可能是他被认为比其他两人更聪明的原因，如果不是这种情况，他在任何情况下都具有惊人的适应能力，因此他拥有了巨大的潜力。	1
It was published in an Aspen CO. newspaper six weeks before it happened.	这一出版物在发生之前六周在 Aspen Co. 报纸上发表。	2
It was quite clear that this guy was not getting enough to eat.	很明显，这个人吃不饱。	0
It was quite the process seeing that not only did I have to spend...	这是一个过程，我不仅要花费 ...	0
It was rare Castiel popped in to help them on an ordinary case.	Castiel 偶尔会在一个普通的案件中帮助他们。	2
It was really hard trying to hold in laughter.	这是一个很难保持笑声的地方。	1
It was recently reported that there are fears that the backlog of post following the current Royal Mail strikes will affect the programme, resulting in 'at risk' groups missing their appointments and therefore delaying getting their vaccination.	据最近报道，人们担心，目前皇家邮递罢工后的职位积压将影响该方案，导致 " 风险 " 群体失去预约，从而推迟接种疫苗。	1
It was right underneath the pool and bar so the bass from the sound system filled the room.	它就在泳池和酒吧的正下方，所以音响系统的低音让房间充满了。	1
It was silent for a few minutes before Rapunzel opened her mouth to speak.	在拉普内泽尔开口说话之前，她沉默了几分钟。	0
It was situations like this that made Jason glad to see he had much more logic than the archer.	正是这种情况让 Jason 很高兴地看到他比 Archer 更有逻辑性。	1
It was soft and sweet and I all but melted.	它又软又甜，我都融化了。	0
It was something simple but she felt a sense of pride welling up in her.	这很简单，但她感到骄傲，在她身上起了作用。	1
It was soon after that many unexplained things happened.	这是在许多无法解释的事情发生后不久的事。	2
It was so wonderful to now have a face for each of your family members.	现在为每一位家庭成员都做了一个脸真是太棒了。	2
It was Stalin having the Ukrainian wheat farmers fall in with the Five Year Plan using just a thimble of psychic suggestion.	正是斯大林让乌克兰小麦种植者通过一种精神上的建议，参加了五年计划。	1
It was stupid of her to expect forgiveness so soon.	她很愚蠢地期待着很快的宽恕。	2
It was such a great ending to Beach House.	这是 Beach House 的一个很棒的结局。	1
It was such a refreshing experience to see these students perform in such a professional manner.	看到这些学生以这样的专业方式表现，是一种令人耳目一新的体验。	0
It was the absolute opposite of what he experienced when he was about to kill someone.	这与他在即将杀死某人时所经历的完全相反。	1
It was the first cell phone company to offer the ringback tone feature.	这是第一家提供回铃音功能的手机公司。	0
It was the first time that the Societies would provide a special forum for ethics in medical education.	这是社会团体首次为医疗教育道德提供特别论坛。	0
It was the new beginning of another year.	这是又一年的新开端。	0
It was then she finally started to feel tired from everything they had done.	当时，她终于开始对他们所做的一切感到厌倦。	0
It was the only object of federal significance in the city.	这是该市唯一具有联邦意义的目标。	1
It was the people with far less to lose whose losses would be felt the most.	损失最大的是那些损失不大的人。	0
It was the place where all of my life happened.	这是我一生都在发生的地方。	2
It was the smell of a bear, and sounds it was making told me it was heading right toward my mom.	这是熊的气味，它发出的声音告诉我它正朝着我妈妈的方向前进。	1
It was this Hermes Birken bag which sprouted all the hype and glee in the fashion world, when the waiting list for this bag escalated from hundreds to thousands.	正是这款 Hermes Birken 球袋在时尚世界中大肆宣传和流行，而这一球袋的等候名单从数百人上升到数千人。	1
It was this one single thought; a thought implicitly permeated his being when he had found himself alone in the cockpit that made him rejoin the assembly singing the final stanza.	这是一个单一的想法；当他在驾驶舱中发现自己一个人时，一种想法就隐含在他的身中，这使他重新加入了总大会，唱着最后的一首诗。	2
It was time to move on from her past... hanging on would just seem childish and useless.	现在是时候从她的过去继续前进了 ... 继续前进似乎是幼稚和无用的。	2
It was unacceptable, this girl would wind up the same as Wendla if he acted on impulse again.	这是不可接受的，如果这名女孩再次冲动行动，就会像温德拉那样被风吹。	2
It was unfortunate that the 2 trainees nominated by the Government of Sierra Leone in West Africa could not travel to Bangkok on this occasion.	不幸的是，塞拉利昂政府在西非提名的两名受训人员这次无法前往曼谷。	0
It was used for courtesy and respect to not allow the interruption of a chief when he or she was speaking.	这是出于礼貌和尊重，不允许酋长在讲话时打断他或她。	1
It was usually the two BOC members who decided issues.	通常由两名 BOC 成员决定问题。	1
It was vehemently criticized by scholars in the humanities and social sciences.	人文科学和社会科学的学者对此提出了强烈的批评。	0
It was very much a novel born in a cellar, and I have forgotten most of it, including most of the characters' names.	这是一部在地窖里出生的小说，我已经忘记了其中的大部分，包括大部分人物的名字。	2
It was warm outside and there was pale light shining through the dark fabric she was looking through.	外面很暖和，她正在看着的那种深色的织物上有着浅色的光。	1
It was what she was hoping to hear, but at the same time she never really has expected to hear it.	这是她希望听到的，但与此同时，她从未真正期望听到。	2
It was witnessed by the security guard who asked me to complain to front desk.	保安看到我向前台投诉。	0
It will add to economic uncertainty and volatility for the period ahead.	这将增加未来时期的经济不确定性和波动性。	0
It will allow the people of Selwyn and communities like Halswell and Rolleston, where these are pressing issues, to work with the Selwyn District Council to ensure that the planning rules reflect their needs.	它将使 Selwyn 和 Halswell 和 Rolleston 等社区的人民能够与 Selwyn 地区委员会合作，确保规划规则反映他们的需要。	1
It will always be there for you in a pinch and it the best weight to learn how to move properly.	它将始终为您提供帮助，并且是学习如何正确移动的最佳重量。	2
It will be an amazing weekend filled with joy, learning and healing!	这将是一个充满欢乐，学习和治愈的令人惊叹的周末！	0
It will be a service to bless our time there and we be thanking the school leadership for welcoming us into their hall and congratulating them on their achievement.	这将是我们在那里度过的一项服务，我们感谢学校领导人欢迎我们进入他们的大厅，并祝贺他们取得的成就。	1
It will be awesome to feel the Quantum behaviors in our own experiments.	在我们自己的实验中感受量子行为将是一种了不起的体验。	0
It will be dismissed as mutual combat as neither of you had significant injuries and nobody can prove anything.	因为你们两人都没有受伤，也没有人能证明任何事情，所以这将被视为相互战斗而予以驳回。	1
It will be helpful to simplify your explanations.	这将有助于简化您的解释。	0
It will be necessary to reflect on how emerging EU Maritime Policy goals can be supported through EU financial instruments.	有必要思考如何通过欧盟金融工具支持欧盟新出现的海事政策目标。	0
It will be one of the great tragedies of modern music if the sun does not one day shine on Ike Reilly, and dolts like Ashlee Simpson are recording millionaires.	如果日出不在艾克 · 赖利，而像阿什利 · 辛普森这样的小故事正在记录着百万富翁，那将是现代音乐的大悲剧之一。	2
It will be the policy of the Commission to not tax property owners on increases that may be gained through property reappraisals or through sales assessment study ratios.	委员会的政策是，不对通过财产再评估或通过销售评估研究比率可能获得的增加向业主征税。	0
It will enter into force together with the second part of the Tax Code, which has yet to come.	它将与《税法》的第二部分一起生效，但该部分尚未生效。	1
It will go into the control of a company that must be registered under the Companies Act and it cannot be a cooperative company; it is not allowed to be a cooperative company.	它将进入必须根据《公司法》注册的公司的控制范围，而该公司不能是合作公司；不允许它成为合作公司。	0
It will instantly kill him if done correctly.	如果做得正确，就会立即杀死他。	1
It will NOT have any effect on what any particular sect chooses to recognize and bless.	它不会对任何特定教派选择承认和祝福的东西产生任何影响。	1
It will serve as a focal point to identify and fund Canadian experts who will provide expertise and mentoring to support national policy makers in Africa.	它将作为一个协调中心，确定并资助加拿大专家，他们将提供专门知识和指导，以支持非洲的国家决策者。	0
It will take a couple of years for him to blossom in the NBA , except for Chris Paul, it always takes time for point guards.	他在 NBA 的花了几年时间才能开花结果，除了保罗，他总是需要时间去做防哨。	2
It will take a lot of work to understand how to bend a sequencer to your will.	要了解如何根据您的意愿改变序列发生器，需要做大量工作。	0
It WILL take him longer if you are having him do it one way and your mother is having him do it a different way.	如果你让他这样做，而你的母亲却让他以不同的方式这样做，那他就需要更长的时间。	1
It works by degrading a protein (tRNA) that is produced more readily when cells are growing and replicating.	它通过降解细胞生长和复制时更容易产生的蛋白质（ tRNA ）来工作。	0
It works with various types of adapter you can easily achiev...	它可与各种类型的适配器配合使用，您可以轻松实现 ...	0
It would allow them to come much closer to dismantling the entire operation.	这将使他们能够更接近拆除整个行动。	0
It would also provide a sense of stability and community.	它还将提供一种稳定和社区的感觉。	1
It would also provide you of the proper schooling you need that would help you understand how the therapy works and how you can achieve the goals of hypnotherapy.	它还能为您提供所需的适当教育，帮助您了解治疗的工作原理以及如何实现催眠目标。	0
It would be a lot of fun to see fluffy moments in between the action and Avatar training.	在行动和阿凡达训练之间看到蓬松的时刻会很有趣。	1
It would be dangerous for both of our universes if I communicate with you that long.	如果我跟你们交流这么长时间，对我们两个大学都是危险的。	1
It would be fatally wrong for the West to interpret the standoff over Georgia as the beginning of a new Cold War.	西方把格鲁吉亚问题的僵局解释为新冷战的开始是错误的。	0
It would be hilarious for its sheer WTFGROSS factor.	它的纯粹 WTFGROSS 因素会让人觉得很滑稽。	1
It would be interesting to compare when Darian left to when things went south for the 88.	比较一下，当德良离开时，到 88 年的时候，情况会更好。	2
It would be interesting to see an expanded story on that relationship.	看到关于这种关系的扩大故事会很有趣。	1
It would be like Kurama fighting an air demon.	这就像库拉马在与一个空中恶魔作战一样。	1
It would be like somebody walking through a neighborhood seeing if each door was open.	这就像有人走过一个街区，看看每扇门是否开门。	1
It would be many years before African Americans could enjoy equality.	非裔美国人要想享有平等，还需要很多年。	1
It would be my pleasure to get some more concepts from your web page and come as much as offer people what I discovered from you.	我很高兴能从您的网页中获得更多的概念，并向人们提供我从您那里发现的东西。	1
It would be nice if someone would follow that up.	如果有人能跟进，那就更好了。	0
It would be really awesome to show the children Wilson Bentley' actual site with real pictures of snowflakes he actually took pictures of.	如果能给孩子们展示威尔逊 · 本特利（ Wilson Bentley ）的真实现场，并展示他拍摄的雪花的真实照片，那将是一种真棒的体验。	1
It would be rude not to greet speed dating every attractive member of the opposite sex, would not it.	如果不能与异性中每一位有吸引力的成员进行快速约会，那将是粗鲁的。	1
It would be the perfect excuse to explain why Harry has magic.	这将是解释 Harry 为何有魔力的完美借口。	2
It would be too much time and effort to do it, though I have to say I'm jealous of the people who have banked hundreds of thousands of points doing this.	做这件事会花费太多的时间和精力，尽管我不得不说，我嫉妒这样做的成千上万的人。	1
It would have been great if this could be used together with some other features to enfore compile time constraints on types.	如果能将此功能与其他一些功能结合使用，以便在汇编类型的时间限制之前进行编译，那将是很好的。	1
It would have been so much easier to have blurted it all out as soon as she arrived.	她一到达就会很容易把它全部混淆起来。	2
It would have taken shackles to keep me indoors.	如果把我留在室内，就会被带上镣铐。	2
It would look magnificent in an grand entry room or as a table centerpiece.	它在一个大的入口房间或作为一个桌子的中心看起来很壮观。	0
It would make my embarrassment easier to hide, and make my resolution to this situation easier to find and use.	这将使我的尴尬更容易隐藏，并使我更容易找到和使用解决这种情况的办法。	1
It would make THG less awesome if we had one of the things Twilight had.	如果我们有 Twilight 所拥有的东西，它会使 THG 变得不那么出色。	1
It would prevent the lance from having a chance to skate off of him and instead direct it inward.	这将阻止这位小伙子有机会从他身边滑下来，而是将它引向内部。	2
It would seem that people receiving a form from the IRS simply asking them to sign and return would cause a lot of people to not consider amendments.	从国税局收到表格的人，如果只是要求他们签字并返回，似乎会导致很多人不考虑修改。	1
It would seem that there here is reason to believe the stars are finally alligning to pass both these treaties.	似乎有理由相信，星星终于能够通过这两项条约。	2
It would take effort not to maintain the arch.	不维护拱门需要努力。	2
ITwreignof plush was also peculiar to this period.	这一时期也有毛绒的花环。	1
I understand Puts is quite reliable on his reviews.	我知道，他的评论是相当可靠的。	0
I understand that a quadcore is recommended but if i wanted quadcore or greater that means id need a new mother board and ddr3 ram as well.	我知道建议使用四核，但如果我想要四核或更高版本，则意味着我也需要新的主板和 DDR3 RAM 。	0
I understand that it is less busy now, but there were about 50 patients there when I was getting done.	我知道现在人不多，但当我完成任务时，那里大约有 50 名病人。	0
I understand why but it seems as if he will never let this go.	我明白为什么，但似乎他永远不会让这种情况发生。	1
I used this formula throughout my pregnancy and could really see the difference.	我在怀孕期间一直使用这种公式，我真的可以看到这种差异。	2
I used this money to help defray the hefty cost of materials.	我用这笔钱来帮助支付高昂的材料成本。	0
I used this time to rest and knew I just had 1 more climb up Devore to not get dropped on and I would be finishing with the lead group.	我利用这段时间休息，知道我刚刚又爬了 1 次 Devore ，不会掉下来，我将结束领导小组的工作。	2
I used to be that way because I did honestly believe what I was thinking, but being connected to Alexander Luthors Machine, I saw something.	我以前是这样的，因为我确实相信我在想什么，但由于与亚历山大 · 吕瑟斯机器相连，我看到了一些东西。	2
I used to have that but she turned into a cheep slut who would jump into bed with any guy.	我曾经有过这种，但她变成了一个面颊，他会和任何人一起跳入床上。	2
I used to spend a lot of time thinking about the letter, and where to start and how to do it.	我过去花了很多时间思考这封信，从哪里开始以及如何做。	1
I usually want to review your stories as soon as I read them, but what can I say?	我通常想在阅读完你们的故事后立即回顾一下，但我能说些什么？	1
Ivan Ivanovich ordered Osadchy to leave the dining room and go and report himself to me.	伊凡 · 伊凡诺维奇命令奥萨迪离开餐厅，向我报告。	2
Ivan Pankratov had gone out sometimes, and walked around the town thinking that he was enjoying an easy and worthy old age.	伊万 · 潘克拉托夫有时出去，在城里四处走动，以为他正享受着一个轻松而值得的老年。	1
Ivan smiled back, a warm and genuine smile instead of the blank one he usually presented.	伊万笑了回来，是一个温暖而真诚的微笑，而不是他通常展示的那种空白的微笑。	1
I've also come to the conclusion that for those who are moving into a new home for the first time, you will spend most of your days at IKEA.	我还得出结论，对于那些第一次搬进新家的人，你将在宜家度过大部分的日子。	2
I've always thought that members of Florida Citizens for Science are particularly brave folks for precisely these reasons, especially people like Wes Ellsbury who truly stick their necks out.	我一直认为，佛罗里达的科学公民正是因为这些原因而特别勇敢的人，特别是像韦斯 · 埃尔斯伯里这样的人，他们真正地伸出了脖子。	2
I've been extremely busy at work for a few months, and sadly out of touch with the Python world.	几个月来，我一直非常忙碌地工作，但很遗憾，我与 Python 世界没有接触。	1
I've been under the impression most fnd them a bloody nuisance, partly because their holes present a danger to someone tripping in them and breaking a leg or kneecap.	我的印象是，大多数人对他们感到血腥的骚扰，部分原因是他们的洞对有人跳进洞里，断腿或跪造成了危险。	2
I've been waiting so long to hear a story like this.	我等了很久才听到这样的故事。	0
I've got a bad feeling about this whole scenario with this certain merchant vessel in distress.	我对这种处境困难的商船的整个情景感到很不好。	1
I've got neighborhoods in my town that suggest that attacking symptoms instead of root causes for problems will never work.	我在我的城市里有一些社区认为，攻击症状而不是问题的根源永远不会奏效。	2
I've grown tired of the pasta salad that tastes like mayonnaise that we often get for lunch with balogna sandwiches.	我已经厌倦了意大利面沙拉，它的味道像蛋黄酱，而我们通常在午餐时吃的是白干酪三明治。	1
I've had worse happen to me than a stolen car and i do have another two to play with.	我比一辆被盗的汽车更糟糕，我还有两辆车要玩。	2
I've held bitcoin since around October 2013 but I have been growing in my use and support of the protocol.	2013 年 10 月左右，我一直持有比特币，但我对协议的使用和支持一直在不断增长。	1
I've only read The Angel Experiment and I want to know how I can improve!	我只读过天使实验，我想知道我能如何改进！	2
I've pretty much lost touch with comics, the only ones i read consistantly now are dark horse SW stuff like legacy and KOTOR.	我对漫画几乎失去了接触，迄今为止我唯一读到的是黑马 SW 的东西，比如传统和科托尔。	2
I've purged my account and deleted all those terrible fics I wrote when I was fifteen.	我已经清除了我的账户，并删除了我 15 岁时写的所有可怕的金融服务公司（ FICS ）。	2
I very much enjoyed my experience at The Tropicale and would recommend it to anyone wanting to enjoy a good meal in a relaxing atmosphere.	我非常享受在 Tropicale 的体验，并会推荐给任何想要在轻松的氛围中享受美食的人。	0
I've seen other time travel fics but usually they take place after Namek when Vegeta is barely an enemy anymore.	我以前见过 FICS 旅行，但通常是在 Namek 之后发生的，这时 Vegeta 已经不再是敌人了。	2
I've seen Shanice Vaughan change her approach a few times during the regular season.	我在常规赛季中看到了 Shanice Vaughan 几次改变她的方法。	2
I've set some goals for my work that I hope become evident in 2012.	我为自己的工作设定了一些目标，我希望在 2012 年变得显而易见。	2
I've updated this Meetup, because I realized I accidentally lied in the description after looking at my Garmin data from the last run I did there.	我更新了此 Meetup ，因为我意识到在查看上次运行时的 Garmin 数据后，我意外地在描述中撒谎。	2
I visualized a woman with a split running through the middle of her head.	我看到一个女人的头部中间有一个裂口。	1
I wait for my plane to Columbus, Ohio, where the elder daughter of a second cousin will be called to the Torah as a Bat Mitzvah in the morning.	我等我的飞机去俄亥俄州哥伦布，在那里，第二个堂兄的大女儿将在早上被称为巴特 · 米特吉萨。	2
I wait patiently for the rest of the people to be introduced.	我耐心等待其他人的介绍。	0
I walked in the door, madeline was playing nintendo she seemed a little taken back in the car, i looked at the back of the card: care of tatoo remove bandage in one hour.	我走进门，马德琳在玩任天堂，她似乎有点被带回了车里，我看了卡片的背面：一个小时内就会看到纹身撕下绷带。	2
I walked into the same room that I had walked into two years ago when I got bitten by a spider.	我走进了两年前被蜘蛛咬的那间屋子。	2
I walked over to the oven and checked the turkey before turning back around to him.	我走到烤箱前检查了土耳其，然后转身回到他身边。	2
I walked through our parking lots and found sixty 'Obama' bumper stickers on our employees' cars and have decided these folks will be the ones to let go.	我走过停车场，在员工的汽车上发现了 60 张 " 奥巴马 " 保险杠贴纸，并决定让这些人放弃。	2
I walked to the front door and slipped on my runners, Edward in follow.	我走到前门，然后在我的跑者爱德华的后面滑动。	2
I walked up to the bed and kneeled down.	我走到床上，跪下。	2
I wanna make you bleed just like me...	我想让你像我一样出血 ...	2
I wanna see how people react to the news.	我想看看人们对新闻的反应。	0
I wanna thank my friend Sessha for reading this for me.	我要感谢我的朋友 Sessha 为我读了这篇文章。	0
I wanted one The spaghetti eating was priceless.	我想要一个意大利面，吃起来是无价的。	2
I wanted the same heater that I used on Benton street that caused my roommate cry foul.	我想要的是我在本顿街上使用的同样的加热器，这种加热器导致我的室友哭得不好。	2
I wanted to be moved and to enjoy the characters.	我想被感动，喜欢这些角色。	2
I wanted to build a Humidor computer like I have seen on the internet. cheap humidor at a local smoke shop.	我想像我在网上看到的那样建造一台悍马电脑。在一家当地的烟店买便宜的蜂房。	2
I wanted to hear him just bring it home.	我想听到他把它带回家。	1
I wanted to see his face right before I made him come.	我想在他到来之前看到他的脸。	2
I wanted to share the finding in case someone else wants to take a look sooner than that.	如果有人想早点查看，我想分享调查结果。	1
I wanted to start by saying thank you to everyone thats responded to everyones questions this is a great page and exactly the information Ive been looking for.	首先，我想对所有回答问题的人表示感谢。这是一个很棒的页面，正是我一直在寻找的信息。	0
I want my children to be able to feel and see what they read.	我希望我的孩子能够感受和看到他们所读的内容。	0
I want Sherlock to get rid of Jim as a tribute of friendship to John.	我想让谢洛克摆脱吉姆，作为对约翰的友谊的致敬。	1
I want to, and I want you to smile with tears in your eyes and blush scarlet like you used to.	我想，我也希望你像以前一样，用眼泪和朱红色的红字微笑。	2
I want to apply for NHS this year ...	今年我想申请 NHS ...	0
I want to be able to do things spontaneously and to know that I can build a life and a future with the person I'm involved with.	我希望能够自发地做事情，并知道我可以与我所参与的人一起创造生活和未来。	1
I want to believe that things will be better when my child gets to middle school but I am not seeing a qualified trailboss to take us down that path.	我想相信，当我的孩子上中学时，事情会更好，但我没有看到合格的领班来带我们走上这条道路。	1
I want to clear out all the old and make room for the new line of stuff to come!	我想清除所有旧的东西，为新的东西腾出空间！	0
I want to continue reading progressively better chapter and to never see a tracked on quickly.	我想继续阅读更好的章节，并且永远不会很快看到一个跟踪。	2
I want to contribute my own brand of artistic vision to the mix.	我想为组合贡献自己的艺术愿景品牌。	1
I want to find out soon how Hinata and Sasuke end up together.	我想尽快了解一下 Hinata 和 Sasuke 是如何结束合作的。	0
I want to learn more about web technology and the people that are changing it each day.	我想了解更多有关 Web 技术和每天改变 Web 技术的人的信息。	1
I want to let all management know that there is much talk around the office, and that someone should comment on what is going on.	我想让所有管理层知道，办公室周围有很多人在谈论，有人应该对正在发生的事情发表评论。	1
I want to move on from it, but the anger is too much sometimes.	我想从这个问题上继续前进，但有时愤怒太大。	2
I want to say thank you to HCCA, more specifically to you, for bringing me and my family here and giving us this chance of a better life.	我想对 HCCA 表示感谢，更具体地说感谢你们，感谢你们把我和我的家人带到这里，让我们有机会过上更美好的生活。	0
I want to see your Tezuka suffer this time.	我想看到你的特祖卡在这一次遭受苦难。	2
I want to show him that fatherhood is not super difficult to handle.	我想向他表明，父亲并不是超级难处理的。	2
I want to tell you that I looked at many vendors before purchasing from you.	我想告诉您，在向您购买产品之前，我曾查看过许多供应商。	1
I want to thank my wonderful host housing, Gayle and Don, who graciously opened their doors and made wonderful home cooked meals.	我要感谢我出色的房东盖尔和唐，他们优雅地打开了门，做了美味的家常菜。	1
I want to treat people the way that I want them to treat me (Mt.	我想以我想要的方式对待人们（ Mt.	2
I want to upgrade the graphics a bit.	我想稍微升级一下图形。	1
I want you to scream louder than earlier.	我希望你们比以前大声尖叫。	1
I was able to do place the waypoint very precisely via the map page on the Oregon at a few hundred meters distance off the road.	我能够通过俄勒冈州的地图页面在距离道路几百米的地方精确地放置航点。	0
I was able to see plenty large green sea turtles.	我看到了大量的绿色海龟。	0
I was a board member long before I became a candidate for mayor.	在成为市长候选人之前，我早已成为董事会成员。	0
I was about to kick and struggle wildly, till I realized that would probably just take away the last of my masculinity.	我将要疯狂地踢和挣扎，直到我意识到这可能会带走我的最后一个男性气概。	1
I was about to respond but at that moment another student came in the door effectively ending the conversation.	我即将做出回应，但此时另一位学生走进门，有效地结束了对话。	1
I was a little worried about Portia De Rossi, but she definately held her own and was very charming.	我对波蒂亚 · 德罗西有点担心，但她绝对是她自己的，非常迷人。	2
I was also pretty happy Robert went almost an entire case without dissing krakenoctus.	我也很高兴罗伯特在没有解散克莱根古图斯的情况下几乎完成了一个案件。	1
I was also told that I may have been able to install the bc binarys ( although I could not find them ) and use the path to those in the code.	我还被告知，我可能能够安装 bc binarys （尽管我找不到它们）并使用代码中的路径。	1
I was always a little embarrassed when he did it for us but he now seems to have taken it to another level.	当他为我们做的时候，我总是有点尴尬，但他现在似乎已经把它提升到了另一个层次。	0
I was at that time in the physics department at Princeton.	当时我在普林斯顿的物理系工作。	1
I was away and only just got back.	我离开了，只是回来了。	2
I was beginning to get the impression that I had blundered into some sort of educational leper colony.	我开始有一种印象，就是我已经被一些教育上的下风殖民地所压下了。	1
I was by myself, and then had to go to work and deal with clients and all kinds of things, and then go into hospital the next day.	我是一个人，然后不得不去工作和处理客户和各种事情，然后第二天去医院。	1
I was done in about thirty minutes, and laying in the recovery room cuddling with my beautiful new baby boy.	我在三十分钟内就完成了，躺在康复室里与我美丽的新宝宝拥抱在一起。	1
I was excited for him to start school.	我为他入学感到兴奋。	1
I was expecting some intelligent discussion and some analysis of the religious life that the author was forced to live.	我期待着对作者被迫生活的宗教生活进行一些明智的讨论和分析。	1
I was extremely anxious and got this thing into my head about taking my tablets at the correct time and this was the only thing occupying my thoughts.	我非常焦虑，并且在正确的时间将平板电脑带入了我的脑海，这是唯一让我心想的事情。	2
I was feeling a little anxious, hard to breathe and heavy headed but this was more to do with what was racing through my mind than anything physical.	我感到有点焦虑，呼吸困难，头很重，但这更多地与我的头脑中的比赛有关，而不是与身体上的任何东西有关。	1
I was fortunate enough to not have that happen.	我很幸运没有发生这种情况。	0
I was fully prepared to buy one of these just for the heck of it no matter what.	我完全准备好购买其中一种产品，无论什么，都是为了购买这些产品。	1
I was given ten minutes to free write and this is what happened.	我有十分钟的时间可以自由写，这就是发生的事。	2
I was going to give you a present.	我要给你一个礼物。	0
I was heartened to find that people are happy to pay more taxes if it helps children in need.	我很高兴地发现，如果能帮助有需要的儿童，人们愿意缴纳更多的税款。	1
I wash my hands and try to avoid people that might be sick.	我洗手，尽量避免可能生病的人。	0
I was honored to witness the resiliency, courage, and spirit of the Armenian people when I visited Armenia as a Member of Congress in 1991, in the aftermath of the devastating earthquake.	1991 年，在毁灭性地震之后，我作为国会议员访问了亚美尼亚，我有幸见证了亚美尼亚人民的复原力，勇气和精神。	0
I was involved mainly in the skeptical community out there, but also went to some of the FFRF conventions as well.	我主要参与了那里的怀疑社区，但也参加了一些 FFRF 公约。	2
I was just dozing off when the phone rang again.	电话再次响铃时，我只是在推拉。	2
I was just logging to waste my life and then i fell through the ground and i was magically in a ghost town.	我只是为了浪费我的生命而伐木，然后我从地上摔倒，我在一个鬼城中，我被魔法所魔力所魔力所魔力所魔力所魔力所魔力。	2
I was just reading along and realized nobody answered your questions.	我只是读了一读，发现没有人回答你的问题。	0
I was just so angry, you know I hate not being in control and that boy was humiliating me.	我很生气，你知道我讨厌不控制，那个男孩在羞辱我。	2
I was just talking about the eagerly awaited reform.	我只是在谈论急切期待的改革。	1
I was kind of surprised that it was on display.	我对它的展出感到惊讶。	0
I was laughing a little and smiling like a idiot.	我笑了一小会，笑得像个白痴。	1
I was laughing at the police part cause me and my sister so want to do that!	我笑了警察部分，因为我和我姐姐都想这样做！	1
I was laughing so much that my parents thought that I was getting sick!	我笑得太多了，以至于我的父母以为我生病了！	1
I was laying in my bed, thinking of Max, and the last things she said to me.	我躺在床上，想起了马克斯，她对我说的最后一句话。	1
I was literally freaking out while I was reading this chapter!	当我阅读这一章时，我真的很害怕！	1
I was lucky enough to be let off early.	我很幸运能早点离开。	0
I was making a personal wish to Mini since he clearly stated that he had no faith in a higher power.	我是向 Mini 表达个人愿望的，因为他明确表示他对更高的权力没有信心。	1
I was merely commenting upon the degradation of the driving team.	我只是在评论推动团队的退化。	1
I was never interested in him in the first place.	我从一开始就对他不感兴趣。	0
I was never very interested in the gym but now I guess I feel stronger and like it more.	我对健身房从来都不是很感兴趣，但现在我想我感觉更强，更喜欢它。	2
I was not as in love with the idea of Jia when she was first mentioned in chapter 24.	当贾女士在第 24 章中首次提到时，我并不像对她的爱那样。	2
I was not immune to the changes that were going on around me.	我对周围发生的变化并不感到免疫。	2
I was pretty dissapointed they didnt have Borat as a movie film to watch.	我很失望，他们没有把 Borat 作为一部电影来观看。	0
I was pretty frustrated but kept riding what seemed like in circles on the Telmark Rd and Timber Rd. I rode most of the way to Telmark before deciding to head back.	我挺沮丧的，但是我一直在 Telmark 路和 Timber 路骑着像圈一样的东西。我大部分时间都骑着去 Telmark ，然后决定回去。	2
I was pretty sure they fell on the right side of the fair dealing line, and Tony and Jem confirmed that they agreed with me.	我很确定他们是在公平交易线上的右边， Tony 和 JEM 确认他们同意我的意见。	2
I was reading his post on how to raise your credit score and I got to wondering if my score has risen since I checked it last on August 31st.	我在阅读他关于如何提高您的信用分数的帖子时，我想知道自从我在 8 月 31 日检查后，我的得分是否有所上升。	1
I was really afraid that you decided to cancel it for a while.	我真的很害怕你决定取消它一段时间。	1
I was REALLY worried Sheba was really gonna zap me.	我真的很担心 Sheba 真的会把我扎起来。	0
I was reduced to tears when I read your words!	当我读了你的话，我就流泪了！	1
I was resisting to kneel you some of my apparent declines.	我拒绝跪下你，我的一些明显的衰落。	2
I was sitting on the outside and did not have a very restful sleep nor did I fall asleep into a deep sleep.	我坐在外面，睡得不是很好，也没有睡着，睡得太深。	1
I was so happy to receive this message from you, as I definitely agree that we are sisters!!!	我很高兴收到你的这封信，因为我绝对同意我们是姐妹！！！	0
I was so pleased with the photos that I decided i wanted a bigger one to display at home.	我对这些照片感到非常满意，因此我决定在家里展示一张更大的照片。	1
I was so worried about you that I never went Home.	我对你很担心，所以我从来没有回家。	2
I was still barely sixteen and not exactly big for my age; I was aware of older boys wanting my power and my kingdom.	我还不到 16 岁，对我的年龄来说也不是很大；我知道有一些年纪较大的男孩想要我的权力和我的王国。	2
I was talking about why the Joker dresses like a clown.	我在谈论为什么 Joker 打扮成小丑。	0
I was talking last night in Atlanta how fat we become.	我昨晚在亚特兰大说我们是多么肥了。	2
I was thankful nobody in my family was home to meet the former gang I was once involved in before I met Richie and his friends and family.	我非常感谢我的家人中没有人在我遇见 Richie 和他的朋友和家人之前，遇到了曾经参与其中的前一个团伙。	2
I was there of course, and so was Rachel, so she went up to get this Oscar thing while I sat at the table clapping wildly.	当然，我也在那里，拉切尔也是如此，所以当我坐在桌旁的时候，她去拿这件奥斯卡的东西。	2
I was told that these were signs of kidney disease and referred to a kidney specialist in Singapore General Hospital (SGH).	我被告知这些都是肾病的体征，并被转诊至新加坡综合医院（ SGH ）的一名肾脏专家。	1
I was trying to take some notes of some of the various things that have been said.	我想记下一些已经说过的事情。	1
I was usually satisfied with being another line trooper.	我通常对自己是另一个直线跑者感到满意。	2
I was vacillating between Morgana and Cassandra the seer when an idea struck me.	当一个想法打动我时，我在摩根和卡桑德拉之间摇摆。	1
I was very confused and flipped on CNN to see what every other American saw that day.	我非常困惑，并在 CNN 上翻了一下，看看那天每一个美国人看到的是什么。	2
I was wondering if anyone knows when the cheapest time to go would be?	我想知道是否有人知道最便宜的时间是什么时候？	2
I was wondering if it was possible to have Hypothyroidism along with Chronic Fatigue Syndrome.	我想知道是否有可能伴有甲状腺功能减退和慢性疲劳综合症。	0
I was working out with my trainer Margie and a couple of other friends today.	今天我和我的训练员马吉和其他几个朋友一起训练。	2
I watched them disappear when I allowed my thoughts return back, and especially my questions about the stranger Peter Oldfield.	当我让我的想法重新回到过去，特别是我对陌生人彼得 · 奥德菲尔德的问题时，我看到他们消失了。	2
I welcome all and any of you fans of Wolfs rain, Lion king, or just a fan of my stories to come!	我欢迎你们所有人，也欢迎你们中的狼雨，狮子王，或者只是我故事的粉丝来这里！	0
I went back that night and read it cover to cover and then bought it.	那天晚上我又去看了封面，然后买了。	1
I went for a desktop replacement when I should have gone for a much smaller system.	当我需要一个更小的系统时，我去更换了一个桌面。	1
I went in for the biopsy and was having my chest xray when I heard that my surgeon had called.	当我听说我的外科医生叫过我的时候，我去做活检，并且正在做胸部 X 光检查。	2
I went inside the shack and jumped to my bed.	我走进了棚屋，跳到了我的床上。	0
I went into engineering and while most of the students in my classes were young, a vast majority of them were very mature.	我进入了工程领域，虽然我的班级里的大多数学生都是年轻的，但他们中的绝大多数都非常成熟。	0
I went to college with Milly, and was thrilled when she asked me to take engagement photos for her and Diego.	我和米利一起上大学，当她要求我为她和迭戈拍摄敬业度照片时，我感到非常激动。	2
I went to Del Rio and from there to Juarez.	我去了德尔里奥，从那里去了华雷斯。	2
I went to File in WLM and went to import messages.	我在 WLM 中进入“文件”并导入消息。	0
I went to the bathroom for a blower and found one.	我去浴室里找了一个吹风机。	1
I went to the cafeteria to buy a bagel for breakfast.	我去自助餐厅买了一个面包圈作为早餐。	0
I went with another family who have been in the area for some time.	我和另一个在该地区已有一段时间的家庭一起去的。	1
I white knighted three women who were being hassled by a group of childish drunks.	我的白人给三个被一群孩子鼓手骚扰的妇女打了个小号。	2
I will allow videos of Shetland but make sure they are clean and appropriate.	我会允许拍摄谢特兰的视频，但要确保它们是干净和合适的。	2
I will always describe any obvious flaws or damage.	我将始终描述任何明显的缺陷或损坏。	1
I will be announcing details of our next event, which is tour of a local food producer.	我将宣布我们下一个活动的详细信息，这是一个当地食品生产商的参观。	1
I will be coming back to your blog for extra soon.	我将很快再次回到您的博客。	1
I will be interested to see how Mac and Stella meet the second time and if Stella treats him as poorly as he treated her.	我很想看看 Mac 和 Stella 是如何第二次见面的，以及 Stella 是否像对待她一样对待他。	1
I will be moving back to South Fl in a few months and look forward to meeting new people.	我将在几个月后返回南佛罗里达，并期待与新员工会面。	0
I will be premiering a new track and video and giving a short talk.	我将首映新的曲目和视频，并进行简短的演讲。	1
I will be the guy with a small table set up with hopes that I can attract small business owners to participate in my project I have named, Power In Numbers.	我将成为一个小桌子的人，希望我能吸引小企业主参与我所说的“数字力量”项目。	2
I will comparing brands and prices in the next few weeks.	我将在未来几周内比较品牌和价格。	0
I will continue to work hard and give honest representation.	我将继续努力，并给予诚实的代表。	2
I will copy a few leaves from Psychonauts the game.	我将复制几张来自《精神病人》的游戏。	2
I will definately be taking more classes with these gentlemen.	我一定会和这些先生们多上课。	1
I will follow up with information on teenagers and the media.	我将跟进有关青少年和媒体的信息。	2
I will give a specific example in my own case why it is not a sustainable system.	我将在我自己的案例中给出一个具体的例子，说明为什么它不是一个可持续的系统。	2
I will have very little work to do to get all these published.	我几乎没有什么工作要做来发布所有这些内容。	1
I will hereby defend them with my soul, so there is no need for you to burn me outside.	我将以我的灵魂保卫他们，所以你不需要把我烧到外面。	2
I will look forward to hearing the case he makes.	我期待着听到他的案件。	1
I will look forward to the sequel you mentioned with anticipation!	我期待着你所提到的后续行动！	0
I will miss seeing the kids grow up but thankfully Susie does a great job keeping us up to date with pictures and cute things the kids do and say.	我不会错过看孩子们长大的机会，但幸运的是苏茜做了一件很棒的工作，让我们及时了解孩子们的照片和可爱的东西。	0
I will need a lot of convincing on your part if you want this to have another chapter.	如果你想在这里再写一章的话，我需要你的很多说服力。	1
I will never understand what it is with boys and the idea that blowing up, lighting on fire, and destroying things of any sort is so entertaining to them.	我永远不会明白男孩的情况，他们认为吹气，点燃火，摧毁任何东西的想法是如此有趣。	2
I will not accept an answer that liberals have control of Congress.	我不会接受一个由自由派控制国会的答案。	1
I will often be coming back often for new articles or blog posts.	我经常回来看新文章或博客文章。	1
I will quietly go along with whoever I am with.	我将与我同在的任何人一起安静地相处。	1
I will recommend your tours in all my travel stories to friends.	我会在我的所有旅行故事中向朋友推荐您的旅行。	1
I will say that after a year I became overly sensitive to sounds and vibrations and had to quit.	我会说，一年后，我对声音和振动变得过于敏感，不得不退出。	1
I will take some happy snaps today of the seat and will def take some pics of putting passenger seats in. shouldnt be much diff to the front.	今天我会在座位上拍一些快乐的照片，当然也会拍一些乘客座位的照片。与前面没有太大的差别。	1
I will try my best to update as much as possible.	我将尽力更新。	0
I will try to estimate the time needed for recesses.	我将尝试估计进行休会所需的时间。	0
I winced as I felt a sharp kick in my stomach, as if the child himself disliked the name.	当我感到胃部急起了一个大踢，我就像孩子自己不喜欢这个名字一样，我就开始了。	2
I wish all hunters would stick to shooting only with cameras, and hunting only for what has fallen from the stags naturally.	我希望所有猎人都只能用相机进行射击，而只能为那些从恶棍中自然倒下的东西进行狩猎。	2
I wish father could have just killed me instead of locking me away in here.	我希望父亲能把我杀死，而不是把我锁在这里。	0
I wish I had a leash, but unfortunately he has severe issues with being touched and the leash would make him more harm than good.	我希望我有一个鞭子，但不幸的是，他在被触摸方面有严重的问题，而这种鞭子会使他更容易受伤而不是更好。	2
I wish I had better answers than I do, but the best way to know what is happening inside your body is to be checked by a doctor.	我希望我能得到比我更好的答案，但了解你体内发生了什么最好的方法是由医生检查。	2
I wish someone like you could have set me straight.	我希望像你这样的人能让我直奔。	1
I wish this was what really happend in the show.	我希望这是表演中真正发生的事情。	2
I wish you all the best in whatever path that you choose and I look forward to helping you.	我祝愿你在任何选择的道路上一切顺利，我期待着帮助你。	2
I woke up early the day after his death to read The Bee and expected the front page to be covered with his picture.	我在他去世后的第二天清晨醒来阅读《蜜蜂》，并期待他的照片覆盖在首页。	1
I wondered if the site was gone forever.	我想知道这个网站是否永远消失了。	0
I wondered what he looked like as a human.	我想知道他是什么样的人。	0
I wondered why she would want to follow me on Twitter.	我想知道她为什么要在 Twitter 上关注我。	0
I wonder how much attempt you set to create this type of excellent informative web site.	我想知道你有多少努力创造这种优秀的信息性网站。	1
I wonder if acupuncture could help regulate the relaxin production.	我想知道针灸是否能帮助调节松驰生产。	1
I wonder if such boldness would classify as a lack of humility?	我不知道这种勇敢是否会被归类为缺乏谦卑？	1
I wonder if they have a higher incidence as well?	我想知道他们的发病率是否也更高？	0
I wonder if we should get with the times and surrender our privacy.	我想知道我们是否应该与时俱进，放弃我们的隐私。	0
I wonder if we will ever do anything right?	我想知道我们是否会做得好？	1
I wonder if you are actually disagreeing with Brown who is the mystical humanist.	我不知道你是否真的不同意布朗，他是神秘的人道主义主义者。	1
I wont review this untill the next chapter comes, i dont really think anyone will read this so im leaving it here.	在下一章到来之前，我不会再回顾这个问题，我真的不认为有人会阅读这个问题，所以我就把它留在这里。	1
I worked for different clubs with different ages and levels.	我在不同年龄和级别的不同俱乐部工作。	1
I worked for more than a year and in the mean time I planned my Post Graduate studies at The University of Sheffield.	我工作了一年多，同时我还在谢菲尔德大学规划了研究生课程。	0
I worked in the area of quality control.	我在质量控制领域工作。	0
I worked in the art show and got to see some mighty fine stuff.	我在艺术展工作，看到了一些很棒的优秀的东西。	0
I work in a school in Bow East London an area that has greatly changed.	我在伦敦弓河东的一所学校工作，这个地区发生了巨大变化。	0
I work in dentistry and they are great for being on your feet during long days.	我在牙科工作，他们很适合在漫长的日子里站立在脚上。	2
I worry about how people think about me.	我担心人们对我的看法。	0
I would also encourage the thought of creating lasting change for yourself rather then temporary sacrifice.	我也鼓励为自己创造持久变革而不是临时牺牲的想法。	0
I would be giggling madly right along with her!	我会和她一起疯狂地笑！	0
I would believe that tweaking video hardware acceleration would not affect ...	我相信，推特视频硬件加速不会影响 ...	2
I would definitely recommend this house to others.	我一定会向其他人推荐这家酒店的。	0
I would expect most members to already have made the decision to change or not.	我希望大多数成员已经作出改变或不改变的决定。	1
I would go completly insane if I ever got to meet phil.	如果我遇到菲尔，我会完全疯狂。	0
I would go even further and say that it is one of the top woody flowering ...	我还想说，这是一个顶级的开花之地。。。。	1
I would hate to get fined or a lien put on my house because I have weeds in my yard.	我不愿意被罚款或被留置在我的房子里，因为我的院子里有杂草。	1
I would have delighted in having been proved wrong about that.	我很高兴在这方面被证明是错误的。	1
I would have expected more to happen after the train incident in regards to the Ministry showing up, as well as Snape being more of a git.	我本希望在火车事故后，如果有人出现在教育部的问题上，会发生更多的事情，而斯纳佩更像是一个“ git ”。	2
I would have no qualms regarding shooting some heroin dealer calling himself a Muslim.	我不会对枪击自称为穆斯林的海洛因贩子表示怀疑。	1
I would like make some home made foods for him.	我想为他做一些自制的食物。	0
I would like to avoid personal attacks in forums.	我希望避免在论坛上进行个人攻击。	0
I would like to believe that could change.	我想相信这会改变。	0
I would like to express thanks to this writer just for rescuing me from this particular challenge.	我只想感谢这位作家帮助我摆脱这一特殊挑战。	1
I would like to find someone who shares my Christian values.	我想找一个与我的基督教价值观相同的人。	0
I would like to inspire peace and hope in you.	我想激励你们的和平和希望。	2
I would like to lean more about internet and social media marketing.	我希望更多地关注互联网和社交媒体营销。	0
I would like to opine that all the Trade unions affiliated to different political parties should be fully dissolved.	我想说，所有与不同政党有联系的工会都应该完全解散。	0
I would like to point out that the patient selection as described in both papers were very different.	我想指出，这两份文件所描述的病人选择是非常不同的。	1
I would like to say thank you to any and all of you that read my work.	我要感谢所有阅读我的工作的人。	1
I would like to see Joseph get jealous of men coming on to Clarisse.	我想看到约瑟夫对前来克拉里斯的人嫉妒。	2
I would like to thank all of you for the messages of support and for the donations, subscriptions and sponsorships.....	我要感谢你们所有人的支持信息以及捐赠，订阅和赞助 ...	0
I would like you to know how much comfort I have gained as a result of your work and that!	我希望你们知道，你们的工作给我带来了多大的安慰！	0
I would love if they pass the song on and show more people, I would love to know what other people think of the songs and how they feel.	如果他们把这首歌传给更多的人，我会很喜欢，我也会想知道其他人对这首歌的看法和感受。	1
I would LOVE to come to your studio and tour an play in that closet!	我很想来你的工作室，在那间壁橱里玩一场游戏！	2
I would love to spend a weekend nurturing my creative side with wonderful people who share the same need.	我很想花一个周末与有着相同需求的优秀员工一起培养我的创造力。	1
I would never had been brought to my attention if this president had not tried to screw us on cap and trade and the healthcare bill.	如果这一总统不试图让我们接受上限和贸易以及医疗保健法案，我就永远不会被提请我注意。	2
I would really appreciate any help to solve the problem.	我非常感谢能帮助解决这个问题。	1
I would really appreciate anyone replying because I am so sad and stressed about the outcome.	我非常感谢任何人的回答，因为我对结果感到非常难过和紧张。	0
I would really urge you not to pass anything you might hear on yet.	我真的要敦促你不要错过任何你可能听到的东西。	1
I would recommend that web developers (not so much the designers as the developers) take a look at it.	我建议 Web 开发人员（而不是开发人员）来看一看。	2
I would remind him not to Hulk out on his dates.	我要提醒他不要在他的日子里出去。	1
I would say about the only thing you and I would likely ever agree would involve the development of the Community centre that includes an Arts theatre.	我想说的是，你和我可能会同意的唯一一件事是发展社区中心，包括一个艺术剧院。	1
I would say red represent brave and courage.	我想说红色代表勇敢和勇气。	0
I would say that the steak house and Mexican restaurant were very good.	我要说的是牛排馆和墨西哥餐厅都很好。	1
I would say two hundred fans attended practice, with many hanging around outside seeking autographs.	我可以说两百个粉丝参加了练习，许多人在外面徘徊寻找自动签名。	2
I would suggest being very careful of that in the future.	我建议今后要非常小心。	0
I would suggest you use the surrounding buildings as reconnaissance positions before moving in.	我建议您在进入之前使用周围的建筑物作为侦察位置。	0
I would tell you that many of us visitors actually are truly endowed to live in a perfect website with so many outstanding people with beneficial methods.	我想告诉你，我们中的许多游客都真正有能力生活在一个完美的网站上，有这么多优秀的人，他们有着有益的方法。	1
I would walk out my door locking it behind me.	我会走出房门，把它锁在我身后。	2
I wound up with images of lady Ganeshes.	我用 Ganeshes 夫人的形象结束了我的工作。	2
I wrote a lengthy blog post (in Swedish) on the same subject yesterday, describing a situation where free blog services are used as complimentary sites for this kind of linkbuilding by SEO companies.	我昨天就同一主题写了一篇冗长的博客文章（瑞典文），描述了一种情况，即 SEO 公司将免费博客服务作为这种联系的补充网站。	1
Jack carefully picked him up bridal style and walked to the exit slowly.	杰克仔细地挑选了他的新娘风格，然后慢慢地走到了出口。	1
Jack faced the bushes looking for the threat and with a menacing glower he stared down the eyes of the perpetrator.	杰克面对灌木丛，寻找威胁，他用一个高高高高高高高高声的高高高高声凝视着肇事者的眼睛。	2
Jack had to give him that – the guy had learned to keep a straight face.	杰克不得不告诉他——那个家伙学会了保持一个直脸。	1
Jack shook his head and gestured the junior officer to lead the way.	杰克摇头，并向初级军官打了个手势。	2
Jade and I have played AC togeather for years and she was recently promoted to monarch of the allegiance I'm in.	Jade 和我一起玩 AC 多年了，她最近被提升为我所处的忠诚的君主。	1
James and Sirius were too busy discussing their hair to notice their mate being sent to his death.	詹姆斯和西丽丝忙着讨论头发，不知道他们的同伴被送到他的死里去了。	1
James caught his wrist as he made to put away his wand.	詹姆斯抓住了他的手腕，把他的手杖放走了。	1
James Wimberley plans to have even more corporate participation next year, and his goal is to make this the biggest single fishing event for this area every year.	詹姆斯 · 温伯利计划明年有更多的企业参与，他的目标是使这成为每年该地区最大的一次捕鱼活动。	1
Jane walked out of the kitchen and into the living room where Lydia and Allison were sitting beside each other watching the Hobbit.	Jane 走出厨房，走进客厅， Lydia 和 Allison 坐在客厅旁边看着霍比特人。	0
Janus money market funds seek capital preservation and liquidity with current income as a secondary objective.	Janus 货币市场基金寻求资本保全和流动性，并将当前收入作为次要目标。	0
Jarlaxle smiled at the darkened foliage that the drow female had disappeared in.	贾拉克尔对那位被狗拉着的女性消失的黑暗的树叶微笑。	2
Jason Goodwins account of the product and the business that Otis created is an American story of continuous growth and reinvention.	Jason Goodwins 对奥的斯创造的产品和业务的描述是美国持续增长和重塑的故事。	1
Jason Hall came back to the gaming coummunity on his knees and appoligised for past mistakes.	杰森 · 霍尔膝上又回到了游戏的咳嗽，对过去的错误表示了高度的支持。	2
Jay was surprised at the sympathy he suddenly felt for the man, but he resisted the impulse to comfort Tim as he quietly continued.	Jay 对他突然对这名男子感到的同情感到惊讶，但他在 Tim 悄悄地继续的时候，抵制了安慰他的冲动。	1
JB: Rare is the occasion where people really understand that this band started off encompassing many different world cultures.	JB: 很少有人会真正理解这个乐队开始的时候包括了许多不同的世界文化。	0
JECFA recommended that new studies should be performed before reviewing the toxicity of stevioside again.	JECFA 建议，在再次审查 Stevioside 的毒性之前，应进行新的研究。	0
Jeez, until now the government is still too stupid(!) to realise that we are the future generation of leaders and listen to us or at least give us a channel to convey our thoughts to.	耶茨，到目前为止，政府仍然太愚蠢了（！）不能意识到我们是未来的一代领导人，倾听我们的声音，或者至少给我们一个渠道来传达我们的想法。	2
Jeli Can you view your plurk using the mobile site?	Jeli 是否可以使用移动网站查看您的 Plurk ？	1
Jenna looks smoking hot in her little dress and fishnet tights.	珍娜穿着小裙子，穿着鱼网紧身，看起来很热。	2
Jennifer Lopez Newsletter Get our free newsletter to learn more about Jennifer Lopez and other famous entrepreneurs!	Jennifer Lopez 新闻简报获取我们的免费新闻简报，了解更多关于 Jennifer Lopez 和其他著名企业家的信息！	0
Jenns smile during the ceremony would have made anyone emotional her face was just so bright and smile from ear to ear.	詹妮在仪式上的微笑会让任何人感到激动，她的脸是如此的明亮，从耳朵到耳朵都是微笑。	2
Jerelle presents the viewer with a complex collection of work that needs multiple readings in order to appreciate the effort that goes into a single image.	Jerelle 向观众展示了一系列复杂的工作，需要多个读数才能欣赏到在一张图像中所付出的努力。	2
Jerry quickly informed the girls of their mission and Gladys gave them their gadgets, soon they were on their way and in no time at all they were complete with their mission.	杰瑞很快就告诉了女孩们他们的使命，格拉迪斯给了她们小玩意，他们很快就走了，他们完全没有完成自己的使命。	2
Jesus also reminds people a little later in the same Gospel that many will say 'Lord, Lord,' and will not be recognised for the same reasons.	耶稣还在同一个福音中提醒人们，许多人会说“主，主”，并且不会因为同样的原因而被承认。	2
Jesus demonstrated the freedom with which he served in John 13.	耶稣展示了他在约翰 13 所服务的自由。	2
Jesus invites us to use our imaginations to compare [that] world with the world in which we must live our lives.	耶稣请我们利用我们的想象力将世界与我们必须生活在其中的世界进行比较。	1
Jewish Wedding Gifts Wedding ceremonies in Judaism generally get presents that are spiritual naturally in comparison with every other category.	犹太教的犹太婚礼礼物婚礼仪式通常会获得与其他类别相比自然属于精神的礼物。	2
JH: Has been involved in drafting the manuscript an revising it critically for important intellectual content, native English speaker, substantive input to the publication.	JH: 参与起草手稿，并对其进行重要的知识内容，母语为英语的人，对出版物的实质性投入进行了关键的修订。	2
JICA uses these results to better plan and implement future projects.	日本国际协力事业团利用这些成果更好地规划和实施未来的项目。	1
Jim Beam has supported me so much already, getting me on as the opening act for a Montgomery Gentry concert in North Carolina, among many other things.	吉姆 · 波姆已经为我提供了很多支持，让我成为北卡罗来纳州蒙哥马利 · 吉特里音乐会的开幕仪式，还有许多其他的事情。	2
Jimmy comes by to wish John luck, but John refuses to leave the room because he has a zit on his forehead....	吉米来祝愿约翰好运，但约翰拒绝离开房间，因为他的前额上有一个字…	2
Jimmy wigled his toes on his right leg today for the first time.	今天，吉米第一次用右腿擦了脚趾。	2
JMI is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site.	JMI 不对从任何链接站点收到的网络广播或任何其他形式的传输负责。	1
Joan has been an insurance agent for over four years and has over twenty years of experience in banking.	Joan 是一名保险代理已有四年多的时间，在银行业有二十多年的经验。	2
Job growth has not reached the levels necessary to sustain significant absorption as companies reevaluate their space requirements and consider alternative locations.	随着公司重新评估其空间需求并考虑替代地点，就业增长尚未达到维持重大吸收所需的水平。	1
JOD KAFTAN is a Los Angeles writer who has written for Rolling Stone, the New York Times and Salon.	JOD Kaftan 是洛杉矶作家，为《滚石》，《纽约时报》和《沙龙》撰写文章。	0
Joe reached out and carefully slipped his hand into hers, curling his fingers gently around her warm ones, feeling the fever that continued to mount despite the cold blanket covering her.	乔伸出来，小心地把手滑入她的身边，轻轻地用手指在她温暖的人周围晃动，感受到尽管她的毯子是冷的，但她仍在继续发热。	2
John Foster an arrest was made the next day after musical instruments taken during the burglary were recovered from a residence near the church in Ola.	约翰 · 福斯特在第二天从奥拉教堂附近的一所住宅中找到了在入室盗窃期间使用的乐器之后被捕。	0
John goes to a mountainous area to think things over when Christ appears to him and explains all.	约翰去了一个山区思考基督出现在他身上并解释一切的事情。	2
John got up and came over to kiss her on the forehead.	约翰起来，过来在前额吻她。	2
Johnny did his best to avoid Brice as much as possible.	约翰尼尽了最大努力避开布里斯。	1
Johnny is very firm, with the slightest give if you squeeze him.	约翰尼非常坚定，如果你挤压他，你只能给他一点。	2
Johnny nodded and held me in his arms.	约翰尼点头，把我放在他的手臂上。	2
Johnny warned Claudia that if Jason ever discovered the truth that she had hired Ian, he would kill her.	约翰尼警告克劳迪亚，如果杰森发现了她雇佣了伊恩的事实，他就会杀死她。	0
John sat up and yelled out into the empty room.	约翰坐了下来，大喊大叫，走进空荡荡的房间。	1
Johnson also formed the American Trust Corporation which subsequently merged with Union Trust Corporation.	约翰逊还成立了美国信托公司，该公司随后与联合信托公司合并。	0
John Watson Vice President of Operations John Watson is a founding member of both the national board of directors and the national office, where he currently serves as VP of Operations.	John Watson 运营副总裁 John Watson 是国家董事会和国家办公室的创始成员，目前他担任运营副总裁。	0
Join Dopplr now or Login or take the tour.	立即加入 Dopplr 或登录或参加游览。	0
Joining the high school band seemed like a good way for me to learn more about music.	加入高中乐队似乎是我了解更多音乐的好方法。	1
Join me for a walk otside on a sunny day and enjoy seeing me wearing sexy knotted black leather high heels, my tan pantyhose and black dress.	在一个阳光明媚的日子里，和我一起散步，享受看到我穿着性感的黑色打结皮高脚后跟，我的棕褐色软管和黑色裙子。	2
Join Rabbi Cook for his concluding message that brings us up to date on our conversations with Christian leaders and their communities abroad and close to home.	和拉比 · 库克一起发表总结性讲话，让我们了解我们与国外和离家近的基督教领袖及其社区的最新对话。	1
Join the Pedal Power Club to receive discounts on this and future events.	加入踏板动力俱乐部，享受此活动和未来活动的折扣。	1
Join this class and learn ways to increase your enjoyment and use of your natural psychic abilities .	参加本课程，学习如何提高您对自然心理能力的享受和利用。	1
Join us in our lounge conservatory or restaurant overlooking the river for lunch or dinner, traditional roasts on Sundays, fine wines and real ales.	我们的酒廊温室或餐厅可俯瞰河流，供应午餐或晚餐，周日供应传统烤肉，美酒和真正的麦芽酒。	1
Jolly Hotel Mediapark Media park 8 b Situated perfectly in the city centre, right beside the Cologne Tower and at a comfortable distance from the trade fair grounds.	Jolly Hotel Mediapark Media park 8 b 地理位置优越，位于市中心，就在科隆塔旁边，距离交易会场很近。	0
Jolt says that she always thought Sondheim was sneering at people showing them that he was smarter than they were.	Jolt 说，她总是认为 Sondheim 在偷看人们，向他们展示他比他们更聪明。	2
Jon pulled her sunglasses and when he did, Arya embraced him as if she was still the little girl of nine years he had left behind when he moved to England.	Jon 戴着太阳镜，当他戴着太阳镜时，阿里亚拥抱着他，仿佛她仍然是他搬到英格兰时留下的九年小女孩。	1
Jorge Giron has played in a variety of genres for over a decade.	Jorge Giron 在多种流派中演奏了十多年。	1
Joseph Corre and Serena Rees opened the first Agent Provocateur shop in London in December 1994.	Joseph Corre 和 Serena Rees 于 1994 年 12 月在伦敦开设了第一家代理挑衅店。	1
Joseph Wheeler died in New York one hundred and five years ago today.	约瑟夫 · 惠勒于一百五年前在纽约去世。	0
Josh shouted from his board out in the water.	乔希在水中大声喊叫。	0
Josh will be a Senior at Iowa State University this fall majoring in civil engineering.	Josh 将于今年秋天在爱荷华州立大学担任高级教授，主修土木工程。	0
Josie de Herrera stated they were adjusting entries required by the auditor.	Josie de Herrera 说，他们正在调整审计员要求的条目。	2
Jot down the details and especially the telephone numbers and return home.	记下详细信息，特别是电话号码，然后回家。	0
Jubilee and Tabitha just had to help their friend!	Jubilee 和 Tabitha 只需要帮助他们的朋友！	2
Judah was given approximately three years under John the Baptist and the Messiah, and then 40 years to repent.	犹大在施洗约翰和弥赛亚的带领下，约有三年，然后又有 40 年的时间来悔改。	1
Julien smiled and quickly ran towards an object that Scar just noticed.	朱利安笑了笑，很快就跑向一个刚注意到的物体。	1
Juliet Grey, author of the acclaimed historical fiction trilogy on the life of the legendary Marie Antoinette, will be hosting an author talk at the West End Library!	关于传奇的玛丽 · 安托瓦内特的生活的著名历史小说《三部曲》的作者朱丽叶 · 格雷将在伦敦西区图书馆主持一场作家演讲！	0
Juliet Walker sighed and looked at the phone her daughter had just hung up, rubbing her forehead afterwards.	朱丽叶 · 沃克叹息，看着她女儿刚刚挂起的电话，然后擦着她的前额。	2
June 13th Annual general meeting of members of the NLBB Association with special emphasis on the Louis Braille Year 2009.	6 月 13 日 NBBB 协会会员年会，特别关注 2009 年路易盲文年。	1
June 16, 2008 With blogs growing at an incredible rate everyday you have to ask yourself if blogging is the best choice for you before you get started.	2008 年 6 月 16 日，随着博客以令人难以置信的速度每天增长，您必须在开始之前问问自己博客是否是您的最佳选择。	1
Jura sits near wall hugging her legs with her arms.	Jura 坐在墙边，用双臂拥抱着她的双腿。	1
Just acknowledge it and move on, and people will have a lot less to say about it.	只需承认并继续，人们就可以少说太多了。	1
Just another Sunday morning in the Badass Kitchen.	就在另一个周日早上的巴德斯厨房。	1
Just a picture of a dress I really like and will make in the future.	只是一张我非常喜欢并将在未来制作的服装的照片。	1
Just a reminder that we need floats for the Christmas in Edgartown Holiday Parade on December 13.	这只是提醒我们 12 月 13 日在埃德加敦假日游行（ Edgartown Holiday Parade ）圣诞节需要花车。	1
Just as GM and Ford reuse the same floor plan in multiple cars, trucks and SUVs, so Husky and Weathertech follow suit.	正如通用汽车和福特在多辆汽车，卡车和 SUV 中重复使用相同的平面图一样，赫斯基和韦瑟特公司也是如此。	0
Just a shame i am so late in finding this jem of a scifi series to late.	很遗憾，我很晚才找到这一科幻系列的记号。	0
Just as importantly, the resort that will be the centre of activities in July is expected to be known on Tuesday, with Laguna Phuket and the Hilton Arcadia Phuket the leading candidates.	同样重要的是， 7 月将成为活动中心的度假村预计将于星期二被誉为世界知名，拉古纳普吉和希尔顿阿卡迪亚普吉酒店是主要的候选地。	1
Just a thought, but one I would love to see come to fruition one day, given how many good soundtracks get forgotten about as quickly as they come out.	只是一个想法，但我希望有一天能有成果，因为有多少好的音轨很快就被遗忘了。	1
Just a thought that I've been running around in my mind.	这只是我一直在思考的一个想法。	0
Just because I have a coupon for something does NOT mean I have to buy it.	仅仅因为我有一张优惠券，并不意味着我必须购买它。	0
Just because they are acting in an offensive manner does not mean you must respond.	仅仅因为他们是以冒犯性的方式行事并不意味着您必须作出回应。	1
Just before determining on standard metal braces, take the time to research additionally much more in to the positive aspects of Invisalign.	就在确定标准金属撑杆之前，请花些时间进一步研究 Invisalign 的积极方面。	1
Just before you fire a piece you should leave it for at least a couple of hours.	就在你发射一个碎片之前，你应该把它至少留几个小时。	2
Just be proud of yourself for who you are and how far you have come on this LC journey.	为您的身份以及您在 LC 之旅中所取得的成就而感到自豪。	0
Just click on the link and include this stone BELGIAN BLUE LIMESTONE in your personal library.	只需单击链接，即可将这块比利时蓝石石灰岩列入您的个人图书馆。	1
Just click the team link below to find Texas Rangers Kansas City Royals ticket information.	只需单击下面的团队链接即可查找德州骑警队堪萨斯皇家队的门票信息。	0
Just crumble up the newspaper in your hands until its soft and always use a dry sheet.	只需将报纸放在手中，直至其柔软且始终使用干纸。	2
Just days after Congress raised the debt ceiling and finalized a deficit reduction deal, reality slapped the nation in the face in the form of a 500-point drop in the Dow Jones industrial average.	在国会提高债务上限并最终达成赤字削减协议的几天之后，现实以道琼斯工业平均水平下降 500 点的形式，使全国陷入了低头。	2
Just eating a number of this South American wonder will not really have any effect on your own waistline.	仅仅吃一些南美奇迹不会对你自己的腰围产生任何影响。	2
Just enter your email address to receive a direct link to Tree Menu.	只需输入您的电子邮件地址即可接收到树菜单的直接链接。	0
Just finished a week in Chapala and my mind is made up.	刚刚在查帕拉结束了一周的训练，我的想法已经形成。	2
Just got back from the interview all i can say its very laid back and straight forward.	刚刚结束采访，我只能说这是非常悠闲和直接的。	2
Just have everything all ready in the bowl before you make the syrup.	在制作糖浆之前，只需将所有的东西都准备好放在碗里。	0
Just hearing the Belfast accent is funny never mind the innocents of the two young boys and their quick wit is hilarious.	听到贝尔法斯特的口音很有趣，不要介意两个男孩的无辜，他们的快速智慧很搞笑。	2
Justice Neuberger held that the applicant had discharged its onus under s12: there was no real tangible risk of confusion or deception amongst a substantial number of persons.	Neuberger 法官认为，申诉人已经履行了第 12 条规定的责任：在相当多的人中没有造成混乱或欺骗的实际风险。	0
Just in case you were wondering, Georgia junior quarterback Matthew Stafford is the real deal.	如果你想知道的话，佐治亚州初级军需马修 · 斯塔福德是真正的交易。	2
Justine and Abshire dated for more than seven years before they married on May 28, 2006.	Justine 和 Abshire 在 2006 年 5 月 28 日结婚前已有 7 年多的时间。	2
Just keep in mind background color, and try to photograph your pet for still shots when they are well fed and somewhat sleepy.	只需记住背景颜色，并尝试在宠物营养良好且有些昏昏欲睡时为其拍摄静态照片。	1
Just keep laughing your way through it and you will survive!	只要继续笑着，你就会活下去！	1
Just let your player roll through that minute.	只需让您的玩家滚动浏览这一分钟。	0
Just like any other types of physical activity, pregnant women should exercise carefully.	与任何其他类型的身体活动一样，孕妇也应该小心锻炼。	1
Just looking at the sky made her feel so carefree like a child again.	只是看着天空，她就像一个孩子一样感到如此的无忧无虑。	0
Just look to England to see what happens when gun owners stand silent.	只需看看英国，看看枪支拥有者沉默时会发生什么。	0
Just make sure your kids are around for cover!	只要确保你的孩子在周围玩耍！	1
Just one or two taps of your finger on the shaker should do it per slice.	只需在摇床上点一两下手指即可完成每片操作。	2
Just reading up all the info on hydrogen peroxide, that seems amazing too.	只读了所有关于过氧化氢的信息，这也是令人惊讶的。	1
Just remember that you have to check in on time and comply with their luggage allowance.	请记住，您必须按时办理入住手续并遵守他们的行李重量限制。	0
Just snap the unique carabiner onto a stroller or a belt loop, and you can keep up to two children walking alongside you while pushing a stroller.	只需将独特的卡纳卡入支架或皮带环上，您就可以在推支架的同时，让两名儿童与您一起行走。	2
Just take an extra minute from your duties up above... to bless this little hunk of steel that is filled with so much LOVE.	从你的职责上再多花一分钟……为这种充满爱的小钢铁猎手祝福。	2
Just then the emergency line to the tower began to ring.	就在那之后，到塔的紧急线开始响铃。	1
Just the same as any given atheist can believe what they believe without coming to UF, but you choose to come here to be with like minded individuals.	与任何一位无神论者一样，只要不去 UF ，就可以相信他们所相信的，但你选择来这里与志同道合的人在一起。	1
Just the thought of holding the hand of my darling or the warmth of his body against mine was so electrifying.	只想把我的手或他的身体的温暖与我对抗是如此激动人心。	2
Just think about the size of what comes out of there every day.	只需考虑每天产生的结果的大小。	1
Just think how many leading actresses and photographic fashion models with Asian looks have become prominent in films, TV and magazines in the last decade.	试想一下，在过去十年中，有多少位亚洲知名演员和摄影时装模特在电影，电视和杂志中占据了重要地位。	0
Just think what kind of world we would have if everyone remembered .	想想如果大家都记得我们会有什么样的世界。	1
Just think when boys start runing after her and what snape will do to the boys.	只要想想男孩开始在她后面跑，斯纳佩会对男孩做些什么。	2
Just this simple switch out can really have a dramatic effect upon a room and its overall feeling.	这种简单的开关对房间及其整体感觉确实会产生巨大的影响。	1
Just to clarify a few points: Email contact has been pretty regular but he does not have internet at home, so can only email me from work.	只是为了澄清几个问题：电子邮件联系是很正常的，但他家里没有网络，因此只能通过工作向我发送电子邮件。	1
Just try to keep me company next time?	下次尝试让我保持合作？	1
Just what is the problem with turning these referrals into customers?	将这些推荐客户转化为客户的问题是什么？	1
Just when everything was peachy and your Burger Empire was in its full glance you suddenly lose your consciousness and woke up in a dumpster.	就在一切都很吵，你的汉堡帝国全景时，你突然失去了知觉，在一个垃圾箱里醒来。	2
Just when she was trying to be so righteously angry.	就在她试图如此愤怒的时候。	2
Just wondering if anyone has experienced this and perhaps resolved it.	只是想知道是否有人经历过这种情况，或许能解决这种问题。	0
Juveniles must appear with a parent or legal guardian.	青少年必须与父母或法定监护人一起出庭。	0
Kabuto continued to scream for another two seconds while his body twitched uncontrollably for the next ten.	卡布托继续尖叫了两秒钟，而他的身体在接下来的十年中无法控制地摇摆。	2
Kadima and Avodah would have lost the elections handsomely if Hamas had continued pounding Israel with rockets at the December rate of dozens a day.	如果哈马斯继续以 12 月每天数十枚火箭的速度向以色列进行轰炸，那么卡迪马和阿沃达赫就会失去选举。	0
Kagome gave a brief glance around the clearing before running to the tallest tree she could find.	卡古姆在前往她能找到的最高的树木之前，简要地浏览了这片空地。	1
Kagome laughed and put her arms over mine.	卡古姆笑了起来，把她的手臂放在我的上面。	1
Kagome must be cooking some sweets for the kids...	Kagome 一定要为孩子们烹饪一些甜品 ...	0
Kaiba slowly put his sunglasses back in his pocket, and he slowly headed back to his desk and pressed a button on the voice box.	凯巴慢慢地把太阳镜放回口袋里，慢慢地回到桌子上，按着音箱上的按钮。	1
Kairi looked at me for a moment and started to walk towards me.	凯里望着我一会儿，开始朝我走去。	1
Kakashi took a last look at her before running after him.	Kakashi 在跑完他之前，最后看了她。	2
Kakeru chuckled evilly while the other occupants of the room either rushed to the gym door or covered their ears from the noise.	Kakeru 在房间的其他住客要么冲到健身房的门，要么把耳朵套在外面，听到噪音时，他们都笑了起来。	0
Kamarudin described the proposed gathering as illegal and said police were monitoring the movements of several politicians and other individuals allegedly involved in it.	Kamarudin 说，拟议的集会是非法的，并说警察正在监测据称参与集会的几名政治家和其他个人的行动。	1
Kaname turned on her heel and walked back into the villa, leaving the doors wide open so that the cold ocean wind would help sweep the stuffy air of her suite clean.	卡纳姆翻开脚跟，回到别墅里，把门敞开，这样寒冷的海风就能让她的套房里闷热的空气吹干净。	2
Kane runs youth poetry workshops throughout North Carolina, and seeks to inspire youth to tell their own stories, and challenge them to transform themselves and their communities through the use of the spoken word.	Kane 在整个北卡罗来纳州举办青年诗歌讲习班，并努力鼓励青年讲述自己的故事，并通过使用口语挑战他们改造自己和社区。	0
Kaoru was very brave to give herself up so that Kenshin could live.	考鲁非常勇敢地放弃自己，使肯辛能够生活。	1
Kara is extremely proud that Debbie Nowak of Abraxas Arabians has entrusted her with their care and to represent their pedigrees to the Egyptian Arabian community.	阿布拉哈斯 · 阿拉巴斯的黛比 · 诺瓦克非常自豪地将她们的照顾交给了埃及阿拉伯社区，并代表了他们的祖先。	1
Kari listened to what they were saying when she saw Yuri smiling at her, she blinked and crooked her head to the side in curiosity at what Yuri was smiling about.	卡里听到了他们说的话，当她看到尤里微笑着的时候，她闪烁着眼睛，把头弯到一边，好奇尤里在笑什么。	1
Kase provides information that should serve to satisfy hedge effectiveness requirements relative to longerterm hedges based on Inside FERC pipelines.	Kase 提供的信息应有助于满足与基于 FERC 管道内部的长期对冲相关的对冲有效性要求。	1
Kassie sighed as she put her earphones in.	卡西在戴着耳机的时候叹息了。	1
Katara had always been frequently asked on how she accomplished her hairstyle, but she was also curious to see how anybody else got their hair the way they wanted it.	Katara 经常被问及她是如何完成发型的，但她也很好奇其他人是如何按照自己的要求获得头发的。	2
Katara stopped what she was doing at that thought.	Katara 停止了她当时的想法。	2
Kate searched the pages to the right of where Skylar had stopped and found the chapters end some twenty pages beyond.	Kate 搜索了 Skylar 停止处右侧的页面，发现章节结束了大约 20 页。	2
Katniss was in his bathroom, freshening up before Peeta took her out for the day.	Katniss 在他的浴室里，在 Peeta 带她出去玩之前，她正在梳洗。	2
Kaya could already guessed that she will fall into the hands of a certain terror teacher.	Kaya 已经猜到她会落入某位恐怖教师的手中。	1
KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to find you the cheapest rental cars in Kielce.	皮划艇搜索数百个旅游网站，为您找到凯尔斯最便宜的租车点。	2
KAYAK searches hundreds of travel sites to find you the cheapest rental cars in Laixi.	皮划艇搜索数百个旅游网站，为您找到莱西最便宜的租车点。	1
Kazakhstan Foreign Minister Erlan Idrisov is on an official visit to the United States.	哈萨克斯坦外交部长伊德里索夫正在对美国进行正式访问。	0
Keep an eye on when your ornamental plants go to seed.	当您的观赏植物进入种子时，请留意。	2
Keeping these factors in mind you can go ahead and convert one of the rooms of your house into a gym.	牢记这些因素，您可以继续前进，将您家中的一个房间转换为健身房。	2
Keep in mind that both the exhibitors and the attendees are customers and the better the customer service, the more successful the event.	请记住，参展商和与会者都是客户，客户服务越好，活动越成功。	1
Keep in mind that I am not yet a PA and have only been accepted to a program.	请记住，我还不是巴勒斯坦权力机构，只是被接受参加一个方案。	2
Keep in mind this was a single person calibration.	请记住，这是一个单人校准。	0
Keep it carefully with this cross so that you can give them to the good Duke, when God brings him back to you.	用十字架小心保管，这样当上帝把他带回你的时候，你就可以把他们交给好的公爵了。	1
Keep it up and merry late christmas and happy new year!	继续保持下去，在圣诞节末快乐，新年快乐！	1
Keep NUTRINATE out of the reach of children.	使 NUTRINATE 远离儿童。	1
Keep practicing and learning from your experience and in time you will lower your golf handicap.	继续练习并学习您的经验，及时降低您的高尔夫障碍。	1
Keep these bastards on their toes until the Teyrn flanks them with his men.	把这些巴斯塔德放在脚趾上，直到提恩和他的人一起把它们伸开。	2
Keep up the good work on your other stories and peace be with you.	继续为您的其他故事做好准备，与您一起享受宁静。	2
Keiran followed them for about ten minutes when a loud bellowing was heard and out of nowhere a giant figure was charging towards them.	基兰跟着他们走了大约十分钟，听到一个大声的钟声，一个大人物从哪里向他们收费。	2
Kenshin watched him completely remove his tunic and marveled at his toned body.	Kenshin 看着他完全脱下了他的调子，对他那被烫过的身体感到惊叹。	2
Kent State University prefers that students who are loading files up to their servers use the SSH Secure Shell Client.	肯特州立大学更喜欢将文件加载到其服务器的学生使用 SSH 安全 Shell 客户端。	1
Ken was thinking along the same lines as Yohji was at the moment, waiting for him to start mocking him.	肯正按照和约吉当时的思路思考，等待他开始对他进行嘲笑。	1
Kerry Drumm followed with several comments about the taxation working group who are assessing potential changes at present.	克里 · 德鲁姆对目前正在评估潜在变化的税务工作组发表了几项评论。	1
KEY FEATURES AESA technology and flexible waveform generation capability enables Seaspray 7500E to deliver peak performance in all modes.	主要特性 AESA 技术和灵活的波形生成功能使 Seaspray 7500E 能够在所有模式下提供峰值性能。	0
Keypads are tiny devices that are like a remote control of a TV set and it allows you to turn on and off the alarm system.	键盘是小型设备，类似于电视机的遥控器，它允许您打开和关闭报警系统。	1
Keys of the dictionary are the handles for the states of the resulting minimal fa, values are sets of states from the input fa.	词典的键是生成的最小 fa 状态的句柄，值是输入 fa 中的状态集。	1
Key West is a great place to experience diving for the first time, or snorkel and view many species of fish and coral on the only coral reef in North America.	基韦斯特是第一次体验潜水的好地方，或者浮潜，在北美唯一的珊瑚礁上观赏许多鱼类和珊瑚。	0
Key words: Up to five words suitable for indexing should be written at the bottom of the abstract page.	关键词：在摘要页的底部最多可以写五个适合索引的词语。	1
Khun Chang Khun Phaen is an old story in the Thai language.	Khun Chang Khun Phaen 是一个古老的泰语故事。	0
Kiba gave the angry looking blond a wolfish grin.	千叶给那望着愤怒的金发一只狼群。	2
Kicking off this new series is none other than The Rusty Griswolds.	这一新系列的开始，除了鲁斯蒂 · 格里斯沃尔德。	2
Kidnapping him may not have been a plan that she fully supported but she had gone through with it anyways and there was no turning back.	绑架他可能不是她完全支持的计划，但她无论如何都是这样做的，没有回头路。	1
Kimberling had this type of technology available to him, he would not have had to wait for the response to his inquiry to be processed through dispatch.	金伯利姆拥有这种技术，他不必等待对他的调查的答复通过派单处理。	2
Kimiyon sayed quiet as they walked , not sure that he should say anything about it, but he looked around as they walked, having never been outside nor in Konoha before.	Kimiyon 走的时候安静地走了走，不知道他应该怎么说，但他在走的时候四处看看，以前从来没有在外面或者在 Konoha 。	1
Kim Jong Il congratulated the Russian artistes on their successful performance and extended greetings to them.	金正日祝贺俄罗斯艺术界的成功表现，并向他们表示问候。	1
Kim looked at him and started to cry again, one of the nurses injected her IV with a medicine that would hopefully calm Kim down at my eyes watered at the sight of seeing her like this.	金某看着他，又开始哭了，一位护士给她的 IV 注入了一种药物，希望金某能在看到她这样的时候，在我的眼睛里冷静下来。	2
Kind of a personal review, but this is precisely the style of drone music that I crave and is never produced.	这是一个个人评论，但这正是我渴望的，从未制作过的无人机音乐风格。	1
King of the Memphis Blues, BB King is a Blues Guitar Legend and 'The Thrill is Gone' became his biggest hit after it was released in December 1969.	孟菲斯蓝调之王 BB King 是蓝调吉他传奇人物，在 1969 年 12 月发布后， " 激动已消逝 " 成为他最大的打击。	1
Kirk dropped his personal comm back in his pocket.	Kirk 将自己的个人通信放在口袋里。	0
Kitchen Basics &amp; Cooking Techniques Learn more about cooking in six sessions than you ever thought possible.	厨房基础知识和烹饪技巧在六个课程中比您想象的更多地了解烹饪。	1
Kitty obediently followed him into a room where his beautiful organ sat and was surprised to find a small sitting area.	Kitty 顺服地跟着他进了一个房间，他漂亮的风琴坐在那里，很惊讶地发现了一个小的休息区。	2
Kitty started to panic, staring down at Lance when he was so badly injured.	基蒂开始惊慌，盯着兰斯，当时他伤势严重。	0
Klavier was blatantly grinning and obviously having hard time not to make his move.	克劳维埃公然地笑着，显然很难不采取行动。	0
Klimov believes that Russia is resuming collaboration with its good old partner.	克利莫夫认为，俄罗斯正在恢复与它的老伙伴的合作。	0
Knowing it was a lost battle, I closed the window and walked back to my bed finally feeling tired.	我知道这是一场失败感的战斗，所以我关上了窗户，回到床上，最后感到疲倦。	2
Knowing that the goblins would take their time getting down to interrogate him, he turned towards the pink haired auror, who surprisingly, had her wand pointed at the floor rather than his heart.	他知道精灵要花时间去审问他，于是转向粉色头发的 auror ，令人惊讶的是，她的手杖指向地板而不是他的心。	2
Knowing what is available and finding the resources that are effective provides you with the best options in cutting back in money while helping to save with the environment.	了解可用资源并找到有效的资源为您提供了在帮助节约环境的同时削减资金的最佳选择。	2
Knowledge does not take away from free will - only ignorance can achieve that.	知识不会脱离自由意志 -- 只有无知才能实现这一目标。	1
Know your schedule During the week, I tried to be home for dinner with my family.	知道你的日程安排，我试着回家和我的家人共进晚餐。	2
Know your skin reaction Some medicines and lotions have a drying effect on the skin.	了解您的皮肤反应某些药物和乳液对皮肤具有干燥作用。	2
Know Your Watershed - Coordinated national effort to encourage the formation of local, voluntary watershed partnerships and help assure that these partnerships successfully attain their goals.	了解您的分水岭 - 协调一致的国家努力，鼓励建立地方，自愿的分水岭伙伴关系，并帮助确保这些伙伴关系成功实现其目标。	2
Komaeda was lying tied up on the floor, looking much like a Thanksgiving turkey that happened to be having a bad hair day.	Komaeda 躺在地板上，看起来就像一个感恩节的土耳其，正好有一个坏头发的日子。	2
Konohamaru burst through the log and ran at amazing speed.	科诺哈马鲁冲破了原木，以惊人的速度奔跑。	1
Konrad Lorenz has suggested that behavior patterns of caring for young are released in humans by a number of cues which characterize infants.	Konrad Lorenz 认为，照顾年轻人的行为模式是由婴儿特征的一些线索在人类中释放出来的。	2
Kotetsu sank back down in the pool until the water lapped at his mouth.	科特苏在水池里向后下沉，直到水在他的嘴里垂下来。	2
KRUG: Why do you assume young people will use their right to access information to seek out the worst the Internet has to offer?	Krug ：为什么你认为年轻人会利用他们的信息访问权来寻找互联网所提供的最差的信息？	1
Kudos to Laura and the staff at Roche Bobois for hosting such a great turnout for The Architecture Happy Hour!!	感谢 Laura 和 Roche Bobois 的员工为建筑欢乐时光举办了如此精彩的投票活动！！	1
Kujaku then reversed the handles of the swords in her hands as she ducked her body to stab another bandits in the gut.	Kujaku then reversed the hands of the swords in her hands as she ducked her body to stab another bandits in the gut.	2
Kumon is a unique method of study which aims to give...	Kumon 是一种独特的研究方法，旨在提供 ...	0
Kurama kissed the top of my head and started to lift me to our room.	Kurama 亲吻了我的头顶，并开始将我抬到我们的房间。	1
Kuroba Kaito was waiting for his best friend to come back out of nowhere and met with a new transfer student.	Kuroba Kaito 正在等待他最好的朋友从任何地方回来，并与一位新的转校学生见面。	2
Kurt took a deep breath and looked around the circle again and then to his lap.	库尔特深呼吸，再次绕圈，然后跑完他的圈。	2
Kyushu University has set a target to increase the number of international students and researchers.	九州大学已经制定了增加国际学生和研究人员人数的目标。	0
Labeling should take place in the presence of the participant.	标签应在参与者在场的情况下进行。	2
Lack of appropriate data precludes assessment of the mercury salts for fertility.	由于缺乏适当的数据，无法对汞盐的生育率进行评估。	2
Lacus sat down on the sand comfortably, closing her eyes as the ocean air surrounded her.	Lacus 舒适地坐在沙滩上，在大海的空气包围着她的时候闭上了眼睛。	1
Lady Luck smiled, and the echoing footsteps passed the hider by with nary a sign of her existence.	幸运的女士笑了起来，回响的脚步声通过了登山者，并留下了她存在的一个迹象。	2
Lafargue has shackled Eve on to him in a rather unique manner.	拉弗格以一种相当独特的方式将夏娃戴在他身上。	1
Laila Ali beat Christy Martin by fourth round KO.	拉伊拉 · 阿里在第四轮比赛中击败了克里斯提 · 马丁。	0
Lakes of considerable size lives of its thirty still two separate.	规模相当大的湖泊在其 30 个湖泊中仍有两个是分开的。	1
Landscapes are often lost in translation if not defined by their proximity to other items.	如果不是因为环境与其他项目的接近而被定义，那么在翻译过程中，景观往往会丢失。	2
Lao Tzu All my life I've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time.	老挝慈济一生中，我看着言语，仿佛我是第一次看到他们。	2
Larry Cooper - Club Chairman This is a Members Club, run for the members and by the members.	Larry Cooper - 俱乐部主席这是一个会员俱乐部，为会员和会员提供服务。	2
Last fall the trio was invited to perform at the White House before President and Michelle Obama as well as the president and first lady of the Ahns' native South Korea.	去年秋天，这三人被邀请在白宫演出，在总统和米歇尔 · 奥巴马以及奥巴马总统和第一夫人的故乡韩国。	2
Lastly some reports may prompt the reader to seek further personal support or small business advice from Business Growth Solutions professionals or other resources.	最后，一些报告可能会促使读者寻求商业增长解决方案专业人员或其他资源的进一步个人支持或小型企业建议。	1
Last night had been the London police forces annual awards night.	昨晚是伦敦警察部队年度颁奖之夜。	0
Last season: UConn was being blown out of the Carrier Dome before roaring back from a 16-point deficit.	上个赛季： UCONN 在从 16 点的赤字中恢复过来之前，被“托拉纳圆顶”吹走了。	2
Last Wednesday the horses and riders from Stall Böckmann were very successful in Vechta.	上周三，来自 Böckmann ö m 摊位的马匹和骑手在 Vechta 取得了巨大成功。	1
Last week I had the very pleasant duty of opening a family room at the Great Barrier Reef Institute of TAFE in Townsville.	上周，我在汤斯维尔 TFE 的大堡礁研究所（ Great Barrier Reef Institute of TFE ）开设了一个家庭房，这是一项非常愉快的职责。	1
Last week she came home with a letter to share that they were having a class assembly & that the parents were allowed to go and watch.	上周，她带着一封信回家，说他们正在举行班级聚会，父母被允许去观看。	1
Last week something unprecedented happened in the world of university coursework: a professor of mine rescheduled a midterm due to pressure from one student!	上周，大学课程世界发生了前所未有的事情：我的一位教授由于一名学生的压力重新安排了中期课程！	2
Last year a large commission dispute between a shipbroker and a shipyard was resolved by mediation.	去年，一家船舶经纪人和一家造船厂之间的大型佣金争议通过调解得到解决。	0
Last year I got a gift certificate to a local biker shop.	去年，我获得了当地自行车商店的礼品券。	0
Last year I went out way too fast.	去年我走得太快了。	2
Late instar hopper bands and newly fledged adults are present in pearl millet crops in wadis and in natural vegetation on the coastal plains.	在瓦迪斯和沿海平原的天然植被中，有晚期的原发性漏斗和新成熟的成年人。	2
Later in 1988, they obtained a permanent broadcast site in Worcester again, this time with the studio in a cellar.	1988 年晚些时候，他们又在伍斯特获得了一个永久的广播站点，这次是在一个地窖里的演播室。	1
Later that day my mother sent me and my brother to stay at a friends home.	那天晚些时候，我的母亲派我和我的兄弟住在一个朋友的家里。	1
Later you will probably forget to recheck the temperature when ambient temps tend to rise.	稍后您可能会忘记在环境温度上升时重新检查温度。	0
Latest news about medication with pioneer in medication.	关于药物的最新消息，药物领域的先锋。	2
Latios and Latias are Legendary Dragon and Psychic Pokemon from Hoenn .	Latios 和 Latias 是 Hoenn 传奇的龙和灵性口袋妖怪。	1
Lattice Privacy Panels You can add privacy panels to your pergola for a small additional charge; see drawing at right.	点阵隐私面板您可以向 pergola 添加隐私面板，只需支付少量额外费用；请参阅右侧的图示。	1
Lauer brings a unique perspective to the GM position.	Laauer 为 GM 职位带来了独特的视角。	1
Lauren thinks all is going well until something happens to Spencer!	Lauren 认为一切都进展顺利，直到斯宾塞发生了事情！	1
Lava Rocks may even be able to open more stores to decrease their dependence on the distributors.	熔岩公司甚至可以开设更多的商店，以减少对分销商的依赖。	2
Lawliet whipped her angry feelings back at the new Shadow.	劳利埃在新的阴影下，把她的愤怒情绪激怒起来。	2
Lawnwood Medical Center in Fort Pierce partners with Fort Pierce Central High School in a similar program.	皮尔斯堡的劳恩伍德医疗中心与皮尔斯堡中央高中开展了类似的计划。	0
Law Office of Joel R. Spivack: Cherry Hill bankruptcy attorney providing experienced representation and free initial consultations.	法律办公室 Joel R. Spivack: Cherry Hill 破产律师，提供有经验的代理和免费的初步咨询。	1
Laws mean nothing to these people unless it is their made up ones.	法律对这些人没有意义，除非是他们自己的组成。	1
Layers of graham crackers were sandwiched with coffee cream and drizzled with chocolate sauce.	一层格雷厄姆饼干被咖啡奶油和巧克力酱夹在一起。	1
Lay the onion slices and chili pepper on the dough.	将洋葱片和辣椒放在面团上。	0
Lead here is also mined from the Bonneterre Formation.	这里的铅也是从 Bonneterre 编队中开采出来的。	1
Leaf litter mass positively affected densities of Aedes triseriatus and relative abundance of several dipteran species.	叶片垃圾数量对伊蚊三裂状态的密度和几种密炼隔离物的相对丰度产生了积极影响。	0
Learn about the devices involved in a RAS implementation.	了解 RAS 实施中涉及的设备。	0
Learn basics online In addition, the association is continuing to offer its free online Bison 101 course, which is designed to guide prospective producers through the beginning steps of bison production.	在线学习基础知识此外，协会还继续提供免费的在线 Bison 101 课程，旨在引导潜在的生产商完成野牛生产的初始步骤。	0
Learn how each of these tools has its place in the online world of the 21st Century.	了解这些工具如何在 21 世纪的在线世界中发挥作用。	0
Learn how to say a court will in many languages.	学习如何用多种语言表达法院的意愿。	0
Learn how to say during the afternoon in many languages.	学习如何在下午用多种语言表达。	0
Learning Mental Preparation from Pro Triathlete Tracey Richardson Mental Preparation for your event by Lance Armstrong How do you mentally prepare for your event?	通过专业三人运动员 Tracey Richardson 为您的活动进行心理准备–由 Lance Armstrong 介绍您如何为活动做好心理准备？	1
Learning to play guitar obviously takes hours of practice.	学习弹吉他显然需要几个小时的练习。	1
Learn more about our medicines and find out who to contact about our products.	了解更多关于我们药品的信息，并了解我们产品的联系方式。	2
Learn the common symptoms of hemorrhoids so that you can seek treatment fast.	了解常见的肝硬化症状，以便快速寻求治疗。	0
Learn the secret of the lusty French and for that special occasion go ahead and splurge.	了解这位法国人的秘密，并在特殊场合下继续挥霍。	2
Leave room for new enemies to appear instead of old ones.	为新敌人而不是旧敌人留下了空间。	2
Leena had managed to sneak around Kain while every one else was chatting.	Leena 在其他人聊天的时候成功地在 Kain 周围偷窥。	2
Lee was reluctant to take sides on the matter; Fellman paints him as having values agreeable to pieces of both sides.	李承烨不愿意在这件事上偏袒对方；费尔曼认为他的价值观是双方都同意的。	0
Left alone with each other, Thomasine and Easy declare their love for each other and make plans to get married.	托马森和易安是彼此独立的，他们互相宣布他们的爱，并计划结婚。	1
Left to burn itself off like that, the fire gradually uses up all its abundant fuel and reduces the body to the aforementioned goo.	如果是这样烧掉自己，火势就会逐渐消耗掉所有的燃料，并将身体降到上述的目标。	1
Legal Process You should be aware that Bishop may be required to disclose your personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, such as in court or regulatory proceedings.	法律程序您应该知道，在某些情况下（如在法院或监管程序中），主教可能需要向政府或第三方披露您的个人信息。	0
Legislation of the EU that requires member states to implement Its provisions nationally for the benefit of Europe as a whole.	欧盟立法要求成员国在国家一级执行其条款，以造福整个欧洲。	0
Legislators who are a weak yes vote muight be flipped, and if the votes are there now, Dayton is really rolling the dice by putting off the vote for another two months.	那些软弱的赞成者的选票会被击倒，如果现在有选票的话，代顿实际上是在通过再推迟两个月的投票而滚落泥土。	2
Leg movements help open your pelvis and the settle the baby downwards.	腿部动作有助于打开骨盆，让宝宝下下地稳定下来。	1
Legobrix glared at him and whispered something in his ear.	列格博里克斯向他低声说了话，并在他的耳朵里低声说了些什么。	2
Legolas gave her the most evil glare he could muster.	勒古拉给了她最邪恶的闪光，他可以鼓起。	2
Lehi schools offer bachelors degrees and masters degrees for students pursing health science.	Lehi 学校为追求健康科学的学生提供学士学位和硕士学位。	1
Leisure Reading is located at the top of the main stairwell on the north side of the stairs, and also features books selected as part of the One Book, One Chicago effort.	《休闲阅读》位于楼梯北边的主楼梯间的顶部，还有一些书籍被选作《 One Book, One Chicago effort 》的一部分。	2
Lelouch had so very rudely interrupted her pizza breakfast, dragged her out into the cold and blistering February morning to follow his little sister and Sayoko, who had snuck out that morning.	Lelouch 非常粗鲁地打断了她的披萨早餐，把她拖进了寒冷的二月早晨，跟着他的小妹妹 Sayoko 走，他的小妹妹和 Sayoko 在那天早上就离开了。	2
Lena turned her head away from him and pointed at a blank area of wall.	莱娜把头从他身边转开，指向了一堵空白的墙。	1
Lendi has accumulated a great deal of knowledge about the healing effects of different herbs.	伦迪已经积累了大量关于不同草药治疗效果的知识。	0
Lending Club Lenders can transfer funds between their bank account and their Lending Club account, and vice versa, at no charge through electronic funds transfer between linked accounts.	贷款俱乐部贷方可以在其银行账户和贷款俱乐部账户之间转账，反之亦然，通过关联账户之间的电子资金转账免费转账。	0
LEONARDO MORLINO* Istituto Italiano di Scienze Umane, Florence, Italy In recent years there has been growing interest and a related literature on hybrid regimes.	Leonardo MORLINO* 意大利科学研究所近年来对混合政权的兴趣和相关文献不断增加。	1
Leo would force him too see The Room, but then ditches him at the last second to see Die Hard.	利奥也会强迫他看房间，但在最后一秒，他就要看死硬了。	2
Less congestion expressed by lower journey times and increasing average speeds means to make travelling by car more attractive.	通过更短的行程时间和更高的平均速度来减少拥堵意味着汽车旅行更具吸引力。	1
Lesson Planning Tool: Teachers will have access to a lesson planning tool that guides them through building a lesson and aligning it to the standards.	课程规划工具：教师可以访问课程规划工具，指导他们构建课程并将其与标准保持一致。	1
Less than a month later, on 12 February 1989, a loyalist death squad sledgehammered its way into the Finucane home in Belfast while the family was having Sunday dinner.	不到一个月后， 1989 年 2 月 12 日，一个忠诚的行刑队在贝尔法斯特的 Finucane 家中进行了大锤击手，当时该家庭正在周日吃晚餐。	2
Less than forty bucks to repair years of damage to your relationship.	修复多年关系受损的费用不到 40 美元。	2
Less than twenty seconds later, the knife had made its journey through the rope and it fell quietly to the floor.	不到二十秒后，刀子经过绳索，悄悄地落到地上。	0
Lethbridge, the abortion debate, like many of the other debates that have gone on here the last few months is very polarizing.	Lethbridge ，堕胎问题的辩论，和过去几个月在这里进行的许多其他辩论一样，都是非常两极化的。	0
Let her freeze her ass off in the cold for a while!	让她在寒冷中把她的冰上冻一段时间！	2
Let her know that she might want to consider acting a little more mature and refrain from lying so much.	让她知道，她可能想考虑采取更成熟的行动，避免做那么多的事情。	2
Let him go get in an argument with Dolores Huerta, one of the founders of Farm Workers, against what happened in Nevada.	让他与农场工人的创始人之一 Dolores Huerta 就内华达州发生的事件进行争论。	0
Let marriage be honored in every way and the marriage bed be kept undefiled, for God will judge fornicators and adulterers.	让婚姻在各个方面都得到尊重，婚姻的床也不会被玷污，因为上帝会审判先犯和通奸者。	2
Let me briefly touch upon the issues that are of particular interest to Japan.	让我简要地谈谈日本特别感兴趣的问题。	0
Let me conclude by offering my profound gratitude to all of you for continued support, guidance and encouragement during this exciting era at UNFPA.	最后，请允许我向你们所有人表示深切的感谢，感谢你们在人口基金这个令人兴奋的时代继续提供支持，指导和鼓励。	1
Let me take this opportunity to flag some messages concerning both of our countries and the euro area as a whole.	让我借此机会就我们各国和整个欧元区发出一些信息。	0
Letters and rare phone calls are their only ways of contact.	信件和罕见的电话通话是他们唯一的联系方式。	1
Letters written to Washington, as well as letters and documents written by him, are being published in the complete edition that will consist of approximately 90 volumes.	给华盛顿的信件以及他写的信件和文件正以完整版出版，大约有 90 卷。	1
Let the burner heat the water for two minutes.	让燃烧器将水加热两分钟。	1
Let the cake cool completely and then take a knife over the edge of the cake and cut off the jagged surface.	让蛋糕完全冷却，然后将一把刀放在蛋糕的边缘上，切断锯齿状表面。	1
Let the sun burn Spike and his smelly old black coat all to ashes.	让太阳把斯皮克和他那臭的黑色大衣烧掉。	1
Let us establish something here about the relationship between light and truth.	让我们在这里就光和真理之间的关系建立一些东西。	1
Let us now relate the Horseracing Simulation scheme with the reliability problem.	现在让我们将 Horsering Simulation 方案与可靠性问题联系起来。	1
Let your mood sway mens underwear to the scent of exotic fruits and lush floral - at least that seemed to be the thought behind the male underwear Euphoria series of CK perfumes.	让你的心情把男人内衣摆成异国水果和茂盛的花卉的香味——至少这似乎是男性内衣香水系列背后的想法。	1
Levels of enterococci remain well above guideline values.	肠球菌的水平仍远高于指导值。	0
Lexus is an amazing mother and her beautiful puppies were born healthy and normal.	雷克萨斯是一个了不起的母亲，她美丽的小狗出生时健康而正常。	0
Lex was wondering how far Chloe was willing to take it, when he heard the scrape of a chair and Lana huffily excused herself.	当 Chloe 听到椅子的刮擦声，而 Lana 又在自责时，他想知道他愿意接受这种方法的程度。	2
Liability of Construction Contractors for Sales and Installations of Carpeting The application of sales and use tax to construction contracts is covered by Regulation 1521, Construction Contractors.	建筑承包商对销售和安装地毯的责任对建筑合同征收销售税和使用税属于第 1521 条（建筑承包商）的范围。	1
Liberal Democrats found it hard to know what kind of night they were having.	自由民主党很难知道他们在那种夜晚。	0
Licensed as a Physical Therapist Assistant in the State of Michigan.	在密歇根州获得了理疗师助理的许可。	1
Licenses issued before the present Law comes into force are active till the indicated date.	在本法生效之前颁发的许可证有效期至所示日期。	1
Lies can get caught and get spread hundred times faster online.	谎言可以被抓住并在网上传播速度快百倍。	2
Life during the early years of the colony was uncomplicated and very harsh.	在殖民地初期的生活是不复杂和非常艰苦的。	1
Life expectancy at age 50 was found to be increased by approximately 2 years among those who reported light alcohol intake compared with subjects who reported no alcohol consumption.	据发现，与未报告饮酒的受试者相比， 50 岁时的预期寿命在报告轻度饮酒者中增加了大约 2 年。	0
Life insurance allows people to reduce the risks associated with this uncertainty.	人寿保险使人们能够降低与这种不确定性相关的风险。	0
Life seems to be giving him a bit of a break, though.	但是，生活似乎给了他一点休息。	2
Life was slowly returning to the way I had always known it to be.	生活正在慢慢地恢复到我一直知道的状态。	1
Lift them from the pan and keep warm.	将它们从托盘中提起并保持温暖。	2
Light enough for small calibers plinking on the range, yet durable enough for larger calibers used by hunters and law enforcement departments.	足够轻质，可供细小口径的人在该系列中使用，但对于猎人和执法部门使用的较大口径的人来说，足够耐用。	1
Light hydrocarbons from several natural gas fields in Japan wre measured, including neopentane which has been rarely measured.	日本几个天然气田的轻质碳氢化合物都在测量中，其中包括鲜有测量的新生儿。	2
Light was rubbing his back comfortingly as he retched again into the cold porcelain bowl.	当他再次回到冰冷的瓷碗里时，光线让他的背部舒适地摩擦。	2
Like a cool pail of water poured over their heads, those damned knocks promptly pulled them out of their passion induced haze.	就像一只冷水倒在头上一样，那些被杀的小公鸡立即将他们从激情诱发的雾气中抽出来。	2
Like Colin I have encouraged everyone to ride and all the family have tried but I am the only one who rides now.	像科林一样，我鼓励每个人骑行，所有的家庭都尝试过，但我是现在唯一一个骑行的人。	1
Like how in the state of Texas we are exempt from paying sales tax on our cars IF we install hand controls.	就像在德克萨斯州那样，如果我们安装了手动控制装置，我们就可以免除汽车的销售税。	1
Like ignore me when sober but then suddenly be my best friend when drunk.	就像在清醒的时候忽略我，但喝醉的时候突然成为我最好的朋友。	0
Like I said had I done some shopping around or been willing to order something I most likely would have ended up with something better.	就像我说过的那样，我是在周围购物还是愿意订购一些东西，我很可能最终会有更好的东西。	2
Like Polish people who communicate within the community and do not speak the English language.	就像在社区内交流而不讲英语的波兰人一样。	0
Like previous one in Prague this one was also spent on nailing workitems to get job done.	和布拉格的前一家酒店一样，这家酒店也被用于维修工作项目以完成工作。	1
Like the entire Bosch Group, BSH regards a business policy that reconciles environmental and economic interests as the basis for a corporate strategy that is geared to sustainabil ity.	与整个博世集团一样， BSH 将协调环境和经济利益的业务政策视为旨在保持企业持续发展的企业战略的基础。	0
Like their equivalents in the APS, they are to be treated under the proposed Act as employees rather than holders of a particular office.	与 APS 中的同等机构一样，他们将根据拟议法案被视为雇员，而不是特定职位的持有人。	1
Like the original notion that the telephone would be used to broadcast symphonic music into the home, the metaphor of web as place helped millions of new users understand the process and overcome their fears.	就像电话将用于在家中播放交响乐音乐的最初概念一样，网络即场所的比喻帮助了数百万新用户了解这一过程并克服了他们的恐惧。	0
Like the two other public library systems in New York City, it is an independent nonprofit organization that is funded by the... from the noisy traffic circle that has developed.	与纽约市的其他两个公共图书馆系统一样，它是一个独立的非营利组织，由来自嘈杂的交通圈的资助。	1
Likewise, the holder may be utilized to mount items other than pot lids so long as the objects or utensils include a knob or handle.	同样，只要物品或器具包括旋钮或手柄，就可以使用固定架安装除锅盖以外的物品。	0
Likewise, you can exhaust promotional merchandise to reward or motivate your your workers or as a token of gratitude for local customers.	同样，您可以利用促销商品来奖励或激励您的员工，或者作为对当地客户的感谢。	0
Lily took a sip of her cool tea before asking him to share the nickname.	Lily 喝了一口冷茶，然后让他分享这个绰号。	1
Limbaughs political views have nothing to do with him owning a piece of an NFL team.	Limbaug's political views have nothing to do with him owning a piece of an NFL team.	2
Lime for the production of lime milk for flue gas desulphurization must be stored in silos.	用于生产用于烟气脱硫的石灰必须储存在筒仓中。	1
Limited to the southeastern coastal region of Brazil.	仅限于巴西东南沿海地区。	0
Limiting exposure is a more permanent solution but may be more costly and is certainly politically untenable in many places.	限制接触是一个更长期的解决方案，但可能代价更高，在许多地方，在政治上肯定是站不住脚的。	1
Lincoln had a dog, named Fido, back in Springfield when he was elected, but decided that Fido would not be happy in Washington,...	林肯在当选时在斯普林菲尔德有一只叫 Fido 的狗，但他决定 Fido 在华盛顿不会高兴 ...	2
Lincoln Prairie students baked and donated pies to a homeless shelter for Thanksgiving dinner.	林肯 · 草原（ Lincoln Prairie ）的学生为感恩节晚餐将馅饼烘焙并捐赠给无家可归的避难所。	2
Lin gave them a tour of the backyard.	林中还带他们参观了后院。	2
Link popularity check software program (freeware) that allows you to check the link popularity of your web site and compares it to other sites on the web.	链接受欢迎程度检查软件程序（免费软件），使您可以检查网站的链接受欢迎程度，并将其与 Web 上的其他网站进行比较。	0
Linoleum is the least expensive option and ceramic tile is a great mid cost product to use that also holds up well.	Linoleum 是最便宜的选择，陶瓷瓷砖是一种很好的中等成本产品，也是很好的。	2
Linux and UNIX desktop users often have the necessary KDE components and libraries installed to run the KDE software you write.	Linux 和 UNIX 桌面用户通常安装了运行您编写的 KDE 软件所需的 KDE 组件和库。	0
Lion and Bear had already received their new chips.	狮子和熊已经收到了他们的新筹码。	0
Lip Venom was the very first lip plumper on the market, creating the lip plumping category for the beauty industry.	LIP Venom 是市场上第一个唇口垂向，为美容行业创造了唇口垂向类别。	2
Liquid protein is an ideal choice to do this.	液体蛋白是实现这一目标的理想选择。	0
List all the possible children coming from a couple where the father has a A-type and the mother a B-type b - Yahoo!	列出所有可能来自父亲为 A 型，母亲为 B 型的夫妇的孩子 - Yahoo!	1
Listed on the menu below are examples of documents you can use, provided they include your full name.	下面的菜单中列出了您可以使用的文档示例，前提是它们包含您的全名。	1
Listening to the show is no longer a must.	听表演不再是必须的。	1
Listen to the stirring of the palms from the breezes that also brush gently across your skin.	从微风中聆听棕榈树的搅拌，微风轻轻地吹过皮肤。	2
Listen to this whole cd and you will see what I mean.	听整个裁谈会的声音，你就会明白我的意思。	1
Listing of course dates and location can be found on the OFAH website.	课程日期和地点的列表可在 OFAH 网站上找到。	0
Lists the link filters currently in the system.	列出系统中当前的链接过滤器。	0
Litehouse Dressing Inc. has made a very generous donation again this year.	Litehouse Ming Inc. 今年再次做出了慷慨的捐赠。	0
Little did Columbia expect Dylan to deliver a second studio album less than six months after Bringing It All Back Home!!	哥伦比亚几乎没有指望迪伦在带回家后不到六个月就能交付第二个工作室的相册！！	1
Little did I know, that one little tick would open the flood gates and signal the official beginning of tick season.	我不知道，一个小的小标记会打开洪水闸门，并标志着正式的滴答季节开始。	2
Little did she know that someone WAS listening.	她几乎不知道有人在听。	0
Little is known about the effects of vitamin c supplementation for people with peptic ulcer.	对维生素 C 补充对消化性溃疡患者的影响知之甚少。	1
Little research has examined the relationship between relationship 70 management and strategy, so I only suggest some preliminary guiding hypotheses based on the above conceptualization.	对 70 号关系管理和战略之间的关系的研究很少，因此我只提出一些基于上述概念的初步指导假设。	1
Living in the Mission of San Francisco, and loving the unique viewpoints of local photographers.	生活在旧金山的使命中，热爱当地摄影师的独特观点。	2
Living so close to the forest she knew of some of the strange occurrences.	她住在森林附近，知道一些奇怪的事件。	0
Livni is very comfortable with the idea and she is all for promoting it.	利夫尼对这一想法非常满意，她都是在推动这一想法的。	1
Local covariant conservation of source current densities is best one can hope for.	当地的同变体源电流密度的保护是人们所希望的最好办法。	1
Local government is involved in the whole process.	地方政府参与整个进程。	0
Localized distribution of conditioned air, particularly when occupants are given individual control of the incoming air, is a key component of the more flexible office arrangements required for the office of the future.	空调的局部分配，特别是当乘员单独控制进入的空气时，是未来办公室所需更灵活办公安排的一个关键组成部分。	1
Local officers from the Council, the Police and the Fire and Rescue Service will be on hand to answer questions.	立法会，警方及消防处的当地人员将会到场解答问题。	0
Local residents lose the CW network on basic cable Auburn and Opelika residents are no longer receiving the CW Television Network on basic cable television.	当地居民在基本的有线 Auburn 上失去了 CW 网络，而 Opelika 居民在基础有线电视上不再接收 CW 电视网络。	1
Local sources in Qalandia stated that clashes took place between dozens of local youths and Israeli soldiers who invaded the camp from different directions.	卡兰迪亚的当地消息来源说，数十名当地青年与从不同方向入侵营地的以色列士兵发生了冲突。	0
Local students continue to score above state and national averages, although those averages are showing slight declines.	当地学生的得分继续高于州和全国平均值，尽管这些平均值略有下降。	1
Located at exit 3 of I-384, downtown Manchester is convenient to all of the greater Hartford market area.	曼彻斯特市中心位于 I-384 的 3 号出口，方便前往大哈特福德市场区。	1
Located in Steamboat Springs, Wyndham Vacation Resorts Steamboat Springs is minutes from Steamboat Ski Resort and Gondola Square.	温德姆度假村位于斯坦博普林斯，斯坦博特普林斯距斯坦博特滑雪度假村和贡多拉广场仅数分钟路程。	1
Located in the heart of the Black Hills, this winery will impress wine and food lovers alike.	位于黑山山脉（ Black Hills ）的中心地带，这家酒庄将给葡萄酒和美食爱好者留下深刻印象。	0
Located in the Mojave Desert east of Los Angeles.	位于洛杉矶东部的 Mojave 沙漠。	0
Located just 5 miles from Six Flags New England, Red Roof Enfield is also only 8 miles from the Basketball Hall of Fame and Springfield Civic Center.	Red Roof Enfield 距新英格兰六旗主题公园仅 5 英里，距篮球名人堂和斯普林菲尔德市民中心仅 8 英里。	0
Located just west of Downtown San Antonio between the Lackland Training Annex and Kelly Air Force Base, the hotel is within easy reach of all attractions in the area.	酒店位于圣安东尼奥（ San Antonio ）市中心以西，位于拉克兰训练附属区（ Lackland Training Annex ）和凯利空军基地（ Kelly Air Force Base ）之间，到该地区所有景点都很方便。	1
Located within walking distance of a lively pedestrian area full of shops and restaurants, the property is in front of a public bus stop.	酒店位于一个充满活力的步行区，周围有许多商店和餐馆，步行即可到达，酒店前面就是一个公共巴士站。	0
Locate the document - either pdf or msword and right click its image to copy the link location, paste onto the BASE URL to create a persistent link.	找到文档（ pdf 或 MSWord ）并右键单击其图像以复制链接位置，粘贴到基本 URL 以创建持久链接。	0
Location Situated in the historical and artistic centre of the city, the Deco Hotel is placed in the most famous Renaissance square of Florence at just 200 metres from the Cathedral.	Deco 酒店位于城市的历史和艺术中心，位于佛罗伦萨最著名的文艺复兴广场，距离大教堂只有 200 米。	0
Location The La Quinta Inn and Suites in Tucson is situated on West Hospitality Road and offers easy access to I-10.	位置图森的 La Quinta Inn and Suites 位于 West Hospitality 路，到 I-10 很方便。	0
Lockers- Make a different ornament for each day of the week out of edifice paper, and place it on every closet before school jolts.	储物柜 - 用大厦纸制作一周中每一天不同的装饰，并在学校出击前将其放在每一个壁橱上。	2
Lockheed hears the familiar voice of the pirate Captain paying the girl and attacks the pirates.	洛克希德听到海盗船长向这名女孩付钱并袭击海盗的声音。	0
Lodi has been out of step with much of the rest of the nation, Hitchcock told the audience.	希奇科克告诉观众，罗迪已经与全国大部分地区脱离了关系。	0
Logos will provide needed software and electronic books to project participants as well as custom tools for data processing and editing.	徽标将为项目参与者提供所需的软件和电子书籍以及用于数据处理和编辑的定制工具。	0
Logout | My Page All Spiritual Life Topical Videos Top User Videos Afraid of the Water How to use this web video tool.	注销 | 我的页面所有精神生活主题视频顶级用户视频害怕水如何使用此 Web 视频工具。	2
Lois can serve the Lord and His children with no added financial stress.	Lois 可以为上帝和他的子女服务，而不会带来额外的经济压力。	1
LOL once again an old lady scares him!	又是一位老妇人在吓坏他了！	1
Lonely satellite to the big blue ball we call home.	我们称之为家的大蓝球的孤独卫星。	1
Long in the torso and meant to be worn out.	在躯干中穿了很长时间，本来是要磨损的。	1
LONG Recipe Evaluation This detailed recipe evaluation is done using various nutrient data tables and may be useful for home users, journalists, health writers and product developers.	长期配方评估此详细配方评估使用各种营养数据表进行，可能对家庭用户，记者，健康作家和产品开发人员有用。	2
Longshot looked over to see who was interrupting her training.	Longshot 仔细观察了谁在打断她的训练。	1
Long story short, people sometimes get stuck with tickets and ask the theater to sell them.	故事很长，人们有时会被票困住，要求剧院卖票。	2
Look at our new site to locate out more about our services and price rates.	查看我们的新网站，了解更多有关我们的服务和价格的信息。	0
Look at the market and look at your operating level.	看看市场，看看您的运营水平。	1
Look for a fun chapter and a little more angst early next week.	寻找有趣的章节，下周初更有希望。	1
Looking back, I must say that we have achieved so many things during this year.	回顾过去，我必须指出，我们在今年取得了如此多的成就。	0
Looking back on it, I wonder if he guessed something of what had happened.	回顾一下，我想知道他是否猜到了所发生的事情。	0
Looking down at the monitor in front of him, Keel addressed his underling.	基尔向下看着他面前的监视器，向他的下边发了言。	2
Looking for an online LAN Center with the latest graphics and performance for the ultimate gaming experience.	正在寻找具有最新图形和性能的在线 LAN Center ，以获得终极游戏体验。	0
Looking for a professional ahead of time can save you a lot of headaches later on.	提前寻找专业人员可以在以后为您省去很多麻烦。	0
Looking out the window to his right Joe inhaled sharply at the sight before him.	望着右窗，乔就在他面前的视线里突然吸入了。	2
Looking to improve my health and energy and find friends to heal the world and play with.	希望改善我的健康和精力，寻找朋友来治愈世界并与之一起玩耍。	1
Looking to meet others who like to play with interactive and social media.	希望与喜欢使用交互式和社交媒体玩的其他人会面。	1
Looking up, I try weakly to grin at her to show that I am fine and manage instead a pathetic grimace.	向上看，我试图对她进行微细的研磨，以表明我是好的，而是管理了一个可悲的悲伤。	2
Look into purchasing quality used items instead of new ones.	看看购买优质二手商品，而不是新商品。	2
Look only at information about the student in question if the record contains information about another student.	如果记录中包含另一名学生的信息，请仅查看有关该学生的信息。	0
Look over the site for a lot of good information.	查看网站上的许多好信息。	1
Looks like a great set up as usual Renee.	看起来像雷妮一般的酒店一样，布置得很好。	1
Looks like it may have potential to be good.	看起来它可能具有良好的潜力。	0
Looks like there are a lot of good diverse meetups.	似乎有许多不同的好会议。	1
Looks like they suckered you into beliving that shit.	看起来他们让你相信这种说的。	2
Looks like those envelopes are getting delivered one way or another.	看起来这些信封是以某种方式送达的。	0
Looks like you quoted me before I edited!	好像你在编辑之前引用了我的内容！	2
Looks superb in any colour car and adds a touch of individuality and style to the bland interior too This cover simply fits over the original Speedo binnacle takes just 2 minutes to install.	任何一款彩色汽车都能展现出卓越的外观，并为柔和的内饰增添了个性和风格，而这款外罩只需安装 2 分钟即可轻松贴合原装 Speedo 巅峰。	1
Loosing weight and keeping it off is one of the toughest goals one can achieve.	减轻重量和保持重量是最艰巨的目标之一。	1
Lorelai is sitting around the kitchen table with papers scattered about.	Lorelai 坐在厨房桌旁，到处都是纸。	0
Lorelai was to wake up the next morning with a new green pet impaled into her front yard.	洛雷莱第二天早上醒来时，一只新的绿宠物被带入了她的前院。	1
Lot of times we pick up these items ourselves.	很多时候我们自己去拿这些东西。	2
Lots of action can be had while bass fishing and at the same time have a very calming effect on the soul.	在钓鲈鱼的同时，还可以进行许多活动，同时也对灵魂产生了非常平静的影响。	1
Lots of Mexican drug gangs get the majority of their weapons here.	许多墨西哥毒品团伙在这里获得了他们的大部分武器。	0
Lots of milestones being hit by the Abercachers over the last couple of weeks.	在过去的几周里，许多里程碑都被阿伯氏人击中了。	2
Lots of my poems can be sung to Enya songs, and believe it or not, Poison Summer can be sung to the Don Henley classic, Boys of Summer.	我的很多诗都可以被唱到恩雅的歌曲，不管你相信不相信，《野味夏日》可以被唱到唐亨利经典的《夏天的男孩》。	1
Lots of of individuals are already efficient to deal with the payroll and consist of taxes in an extremely highly convenient style.	许多人已经很有效率地处理工资，并以极其方便的方式纳税。	1
Lots of times our dog was with us and we would take him for a treat, a swim in the nearby ocean.	我们的狗经常和我们在一起，我们会带他去附近的海洋游泳。	0
Lots of venues are listing and more will over the coming weeks right up to New Years Eve.	很多场馆都在上市，在未来几周内，直到新年前夕，还有更多的场馆。	2
Lotz found the cat perched on some limbs about 30-feet high in a pine tree inside the fence yard.	Lotz 发现这只猫在栅栏院子里的一棵松树中，在大约 30 英尺高的树枝上栖息。	1
LOUISE UPSTON to the Minister of Education: What is the Government doing to support schools to raise achievement for Māori students?	Louise UPSTON to the Minister of Education: What is the Government doing to support schools to raise achievement for Māori í students?	2
Loved it and hope to see more from you soon!	喜欢这里，希望能很快看到更多的东西！	1
Loved wathching the Hummigbirds at the feeders - well worth the extra effort to fill the feeders with nectar each morning.	喜欢在喂食者那里打胡姆鸟——每天早上都要为喂食者加蜜，这是非常值得的。	2
Lovely females on our dating site have a free homepage, may upload many free images and numerous hot video.	我们约会网站上的可爱女性有一个免费的主页，可以上传许多免费的图片和大量的热视频。	1
Love the fact you can still get Blood Orange juice on its own, not mixed with other fruit juices.	您还可以单独获得橙汁，而不是与其他果汁混合。	2
Love the possession theory and the fact that their magical projections are visible.	喜欢拥有理论和它们神奇的投影是显而易见的事实。	2
Love was whispers in the dead of night, and finding flaws to be the most beautiful.	爱在死人的时候是耳语，发现缺陷是最美丽的。	2
Loving all the honesty in this chapter, the realizations they both made and how much they cared for each other.	热爱本章中的所有诚实，他们的认识和他们对彼此的关心程度。	2
Loving some one for all those years and not being able to have them must be heart wrenching.	多年来，爱某种人，不能有这种人，必须令人心痛。	2
Loving the story so far even if it has just started!	即使故事刚刚开始，我也很喜欢这个故事！	0
Lowe had the advantage of the start in set six and that help him get to a double first even though Jenkins threw his third maximum of the match.	罗韦在第 6 局的首局取得了优势，这有助于他在比赛中取得双冠，尽管詹金斯在比赛中投了第三名。	1
Lower body will get the full benefit of muscle flexibility in about two months.	下半身将在大约两个月内获得肌肉灵活性的全部好处。	2
Lower cost solutions are being tested in villages like Veheragala.	在象 Veheragala 这样的村庄，正在测试低成本解决方案。	2
Lowest mortgage rates in Canada may change within one night.	加拿大的最低抵押贷款利率可能在一晚内发生变化。	1
L produced identification of his authority from six different countries.	l 从六个不同的国家确定了他的权力。	2
Lubee runs a community open day annually in conjunction with the Natural History Museum in Gainesville.	Lubee 每年与盖恩斯维尔的自然历史博物馆共同举办社区开放日。	1
Luckily I had researched this before we got there because guest relations was clueless.	幸运的是，在我们到达之前，我已经研究过这个问题，因为客人关系是没有关系的。	2
Luckily though we have have made some major progress with our existing workload as well as taking on a new designer which has helped greatly.	幸运的是，我们在处理现有工作量方面取得了一些重大进展，并选择了一个新的设计人员，这对我们的工作非常有帮助。	1
Luckily, we rode away from the smells of breakfast and I was able to think clearly and plan my recipe for pancakes.	幸运的是，我们摆脱了早餐的味道，我能够清楚地思考并计划我的煎饼配方。	2
Lucky for them the captain had made it back before this woman did, and after he took care of his first order of business, he turned his attention to them.	幸运的是，船长在这位女人做之前就把它拿回来了，在他处理了他的第一个业务之后，他把注意力转向了她们。	2
Lucy leaned forward and drew invisible circles on the sleeve of her rose tunic.	露西向前倾斜，在她的玫瑰调色的袖子上画了不可见的圆圈。	0
Lucy sat vulnerably in front of the lean man.	露西在那位瘦的人面前坐着，很脆弱。	1
Luke had always been a wiseass, spent half of high school stoned on weed.	卢克一直是个智慧的人，在高中的一半时间里都是在杂草上。	2
Luke stepped inside and saw two guys standing outside one of the cubicles arguing.	卢克走进去，看到两个站在一个房间外的人在争吵。	2
Lunar will copy the settings from the selected file into your new one.	Lunar 会将所选文件中的设置复制到新文件中。	0
Luna walked into the tower and walked up to the couch.	露娜走进了塔，走到了沙发上。	1
Lunch is usually provided on the days the parenting classes are scheduled.	午餐通常在父母节课安排的日子提供。	1
Lunch soon ended and it was time to go to her next period.	午餐快结束了，现在是她进入下一个阶段的时候了。	0
Lung and nerve and blood mechanisms go into shock.	肺，神经和血液机制会发生冲击。	1
Luo Qingshu continued to steadfastly believe in Falun Dafa.	罗庆树继续坚定地相信法轮大法。	0
Lupus is an purchase effexor red deer that has been molten for archive than 100 years and it measures its importance through diligent malfunctions uncertainty.	卢珀斯是一种购买效率高的红鹿， 100 多年来一直被熔化归档，它通过勤奋的故障不确定性来衡量其重要性。	2
LWI associates hold graduate degrees in their specialties, and are experienced in working and living internationally.	LWI 员工拥有其专业的研究生学位，并在国际工作和生活方面具有丰富的经验。	0
Lynch found little evidence that tax cuts stimulate economic activity or create jobs or that job transfers between states are a consequence of business tax incentives.	Lynch 没有发现任何证据表明减税刺激经济活动或创造就业机会，或者国家之间的工作转移是商业税收激励的结果。	1
Lyons) stated that the Nzuwonemeye Defence team will file a written motion on the matter of exculpatory material, but that they would require at least a month to do so.	Lyons ）说， Nzuwonemeye Defence team will file a written motion on the matter of exculpensatory material, but that they would require at least a month to do se.	2
Mabel Davis Park Contaminant Remediation &amp; Landfill Maintenance Project This presentation contains content that your browser may not be able to show properly.	Mabel Davis Park Contaminant Remediation &amp; Landfill Maintenance Project 此演示文稿包含您的浏览器可能无法正确显示的内容。	1
Macedonian authorities would not comment on the latest developments in trade relations with Kosovo, but said they will take all measures to normalise trade relations with Pristina.	马其顿当局不会评论与科索沃贸易关系的最新发展，但表示将采取一切措施使与普里什蒂纳的贸易关系正常化。	1
Mac was too taken aback to do other than step Mac and make a gesture of welcome.	Mac 被人所利用，除了 STEP Mac 之外，还无法再做其他事情，并表现出欢迎的姿态。	2
Madame Pomfrey cast a spell and Lily flinched as she felt something crawl under her skin.	蓬弗利夫人发了一个咒语，莉莉在她的皮肤下感到有东西爬下时，便开始发了火。	0
Madame Pomfrey looked taken aback by the question, then glared menacingly at the mention of the name.	蓬弗利夫人看着这个问题，然后对这个名字的提及感到很遗憾。	1
Madam Speaker, we are debating Bill C-15 and I want to assure colleagues that it is my intention to wrap up my remarks before the end of the period for debate today.	主席女士，我们现在辩论的是第 C-15 号条例草案，我想向各位同事保证，我打算在今天辩论的最后阶段结束前总结我的发言。	0
Madison remained true to his republic and the US came through.	麦迪逊仍然忠于他的共和国，而美国也通过了。	2
Maha Shivratri is an important day for the devotees of Shiva.	马哈 · 希夫拉特里是湿婆信徒的重要日子。	2
Main disadvantages: Only a minor criticism of the surrounding area and this really is not the fault of the hotel owners.	主要缺点：对周边地区的批评很小，这不是酒店业主的错。	1
Main disadvantages: There are no restaurants in the area or places to buy food.	主要缺点：该地区没有餐厅或购买食品的地方。	0
Main house to finish renovating, and a second house for total renovation with a large garden!	主屋需要翻新，第二个屋需要翻新，还有一个大花园！	1
Main issue became lack of a bill of rights in the Constitution -- Federalists promised the first Congress would add one by amendment.	主要问题是《宪法》中缺少一项权利法案 -- -- 联邦主义者承诺，第一届国会将通过修正案增加一项权利法案。	0
Maintaining good health means being informed about the health issues that may affect you, and understanding the health maintenance tests and exams you may need.	保持良好的健康意味着了解可能影响您的健康问题，并了解您可能需要的健康维护测试和检查。	0
Maintains a high level of resilience with a demonstrated ability to achieve targets.	保持高水平的复原力，并展现出实现目标的能力。	0
Main Theories Of Aggression behaviour and a less concern over negative evaluation from others.	侵略行为的主要理论和对他人负面评价的较少关注。	2
Make a budget and have an idea of how much you are willing to spend on a guitar.	制定预算，并了解您愿意花多少钱买吉他。	1
Make a small trench around it to turn the water away.	绕着它开一条小沟，把水从那里掉出来。	2
Make it illegal for a cable operator to also provide broadband service.	将有线电视运营商也提供宽带服务定为非法行为。	0
Make no mistake a nation who claims to be the victim, while assaulting children and women, pays a price in integrity that will haunt its future generations.	一个声称是受害者的国家在攻击儿童和妇女的同时，也付出了一个将困扰其后代的正直代价，这是不可错误的。	2
Make Professional Appearing Description Ads with Images and Pictures This tutorial package will teach you How to create your own auction listings even from scratch.	制作专业展示描述广告图片和图片本教程套件将教您如何从头开始创建自己的拍卖商品。	2
Make sure that all of your participants know how to access the video and web conference room .	确保所有参与者都知道如何访问视频和 Web 会议室。	0
Make sure that the line and device are shielded from noise.	确保线路和设备没有噪音。	0
Make sure the PDF files you publish on line remain text searchable.	确保您在线发布的 PDF 文件保持文本可搜索。	1
Make sure this works by verifying if the contactform works by filling out your contactform on the website.	通过在网站上填写您的联系人表单来验证联系人表单是否有效，以确保此表单有效。	2
Make sure to pack a helmet and other protective gear if you know you child will be biking, skating, skateboarding, skiing or riding a scooter.	如果您知道孩子将骑自行车，滑冰，滑板，滑雪或骑摩托车，请务必带上头盔和其他防护装备。	1
Make sure you eat plenty of green vegetables and get as many sources of iron as possible.	确保您吃了大量的绿色蔬菜，并尽可能多地获得铁。	1
Make sure you feed your body and stay on track by packing your own lunch.	确保自己打包午餐，让身体饱饱足并保持正常状态。	2
Make sure your Vehicles are in good repair; make sure you hire good drivers with good driving records.	确保您的车辆得到良好的维修；确保您雇用了驾驶记录良好的优秀司机。	0
Make sure you sit in one and check out all of the amenities.	确保您坐在一张椅子上，查看所有设施。	1
Make sure you understand the process and everything involved.	确保您了解流程和所涉及的一切。	0
Make sure you visit Oia while the sun is setting and all the different colored beaches.	一定要在太阳落山的时候去伊亚，以及所有不同颜色的海滩。	1
Make use of your brain and you will surely win it.	利用你的大脑，你肯定会赢得它。	1
Making a student template â¢ Students will be expected to demonstrate knowledge illustrating they can compare and classify animals on the basis of observable physical characteristics.	制作学生模板 â€¢ 学生需要展示能够根据可观察的物理特征对动物进行比较和分类的知识。	0
Making her feel like the dirt on his shoes?	让她感觉自己的鞋子上有污垢吗？	1
Making her way down the hallway, the only noise the swishing of her cloak, Raven steadied herself for the day ahead.	拉文沿着走廊走下去，唯一的噪音是她的衣服在晃动，她在前一天坚持了自己的立场。	2
Making it to the shallow water I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her back into the deeper water and pulled her underwater with me.	我把她抓住了腰部，把她拉回深海，把她拉在水下。	1
Malaysia is at a very early stage of space field.	马来西亚正处于空间领域的早期阶段。	0
Managers need to spend time with their reps and figure out what motivates them.	经理需要花时间与代表沟通，并找出激励他们的因素。	0
Managers of banana plantations and other agricultural systems who are attempting to control pests without using pesticides will benefit from increased knowledge of the parasitoid community.	香蕉种植园和其他农业系统的管理人员如果不使用农药就试图控制虫害，他们将受益于对寄生虫类社区的更多了解。	1
Manas Area Benefit Outreach Society reps visited the village to donate blankets and their time for games and laughter with the local youth.	马纳斯地区福利外联协会代表访问该村，捐赠毯子，并花时间与当地青年一起玩游戏和欢笑。	1
Manasseh ben Israel died by 1657, in some poverty, believing that his mission to make England a major refuge for Jews had largely failed.	Manasseh Ben Israel 在 1657 年死于某种贫困，他认为他让英国成为犹太人的主要庇护所的使命基本上失败了。	1
Manatees can be found in both fresh and saltwater.	海牛可以在新鲜和盐水中找到。	1
Manfred Hegger of the Technical University in Darmstadt claims that Linoleum PUR improves the eco audit of a building throughout its entire lifecycle.	达姆施塔特技术大学的曼弗雷德 · 黑格（ Manfred Hegger ）声称， Linoleum PUR 在整个建筑生命周期中改进了对建筑的生态审计。	1
Manic walked back next to Amy and grabbed her hand.	曼尼克在艾米旁边走回来，抓住了她的手。	0
Manningham Mills, Bradford , West Yorkshire, England This is a very large site in a part of the former industrial heartland of the north of England.	曼宁汉米尔斯，布拉德福德，西约克郡，英格兰。这是英格兰北部原工业中心的一个非常大的地方。	1
Man sentenced for assault on woman Enrique Perez could serve up to 15 years in state ...	男子因殴打恩里克 · 佩雷斯女士而被判刑，可在州服刑 15 年。	0
Manual Approval You will have to approve ads before they appear within your mobile site or app.	手动批准在广告出现在您的移动网站或应用程序中之前，您必须批准这些广告。	1
Manufacturers only introduce new products at different price points with different package of features if they find a potential for them in the market.	制造商只能在不同价位推出具有不同功能包的新产品，如果他们发现在市场上有潜力的话。	0
Manu Svâyambhuva after thus giving instruction to his grandson received from him his obeisances and went together with the sages to his abode.	马努 Svâyambhuva 在这样指示他的孙子之后，从他那里得到了他的服从，并与这些圣人一起到了他的住所。	1
Many are made there while other fakes are made in Russia and come across the border.	许多是在俄罗斯制造的，而其他一些则是在俄罗斯制造的，跨越边界。	2
Many attic treasure hunts result in the happy discovery of an antique steamer trunk or two.	许多阁楼的寻宝之旅都让人开心地发现了一条或两条古董蒸汽干。	2
Many began to see the potential in him, not all so innocent of thought.	许多人开始看到他的潜力，而不是所有的人都是如此的天真。	1
Many chains prolong aurora inn churchill canada programs.	许多连锁酒店延长了加拿大丘吉尔的奥罗拉酒店计划。	0
Many characteristics wish to break their dictionary technology timesheets under explicit control.	许多特征希望在明确控制下打破其字典技术时间表。	2
Many companies do this first step very well.	许多公司在第一步做得非常好。	0
Many customers order Elavil Vs Arthritis Pain habit forming and should be used only by the practice.	许多客户订购了 Elavil 与关节炎疼痛习惯形成，只能在实践中使用。	2
Many different design studies have always been done in typically the nutritional value while the conveniences the posterior tibial muscle pre workout supplements supplementation.	许多不同的设计研究通常都是在营养价值方面进行的，而后胫骨肌肉在训练前的便利作用则是补充营养。	1
Many empirical studies have tried to explain the factors that affect on capital...	许多经验研究试图解释影响资本的因素 ...	0
Many find them more convenient than charcoal as they start instantly and fuel purchases are needed less often.	许多人发现，它们比木炭更方便，因为它们可以立即开始，燃料采购的频率也更低。	2
Many games are about solving tasks, and then the developers have added stuff around it so that it resembles a game.	许多游戏都是关于解决任务的，然后开发人员在游戏周围添加了一些内容，使其与游戏相似。	1
Many guards were holding the crowd away from the entrance to the old labs.	Many guards were holding the crowd away from the entrance to the old labs.	2
Many individuals imagine it being a manner associated with modifying the shape and also proportions of our own nostril so that it will start looking better.	许多人认为这是一种与改变我们自己鼻孔的形状和比例相关的方式，这样它将开始看起来更好。	1
Many lectures will be given by national experts from research institutes.	许多讲座将由研究机构的国家专家讲授。	1
Many local people still refer to Murlough as The Warren.	许多当地人仍然把穆尔洛称为沃伦。	0
Many moons ago there was a letter posted in the Lincolnshire Echo wanting to know if there was any truth in the story that there was a turntable at Waddo.	许多月亮在前，林肯郡回声中写了一封信，想知道报道中是否有任何真相，即在瓦多有一个转盘。	2
Many musicians blend it with other genres to get a sound that resonates with listeners.	许多音乐家将其与其他流派融合在一起，以获得与听众共鸣的声音。	2
Many national governments have also developed explicit or implicit mechanisms for countering protectionism and ensuring that trade policy reflects the general interest.	许多国家政府还制定了明确或隐含的机制，以打击保护主义，并确保贸易政策反映普遍利益。	0
Many of my favorite moments from Mountain School were times when my students were grouped around the base of Sourdough Falls or the shore of Diablo Lake, quietly sketching their surroundings.	我在山地学校最喜欢的时光是我的学生聚集在 Sourdough 瀑布或 Diablo 湖岸边，静静地绘制周围的风景。	1
Many of our buildings come complete with offices, toilet areas, kichen areas, reception areas and meeting rooms which we charge no more for.	我们的许多建筑都配有办公室，卫生间，厨房区，接待区和会议室，我们不再收取费用。	2
Many of our service providers offer FREE installation and routers for multi year contracts in Central Valley, Washington.	我们的许多服务提供商在华盛顿的 Central Valley 提供免费安装和路由器，以签订多年合同。	1
Many of the individuals employed by the ring were paid with narcotics.	该集团雇用的许多人都得到了麻醉品的报酬。	2
Many of their parents knew the poverty of the great depression as the children of immigrant workers with few rights.	许多父母知道大萧条的贫困是移民工人的子女，他们的权利极少。	2
Many of them can be used independently of your computer, allowing for greater portability than having to take a laptop everywhere you go.	其中许多设备可以独立于您的计算机使用，与随身携带笔记本电脑相比，它具有更高的便携性。	1
Many of the parts still suffer from cracking.	许多部件仍有裂纹。	0
Many of the recommendations in the selection tree are based on expert judgment.	甄选树中的许多建议都是基于专家的判断。	1
Many of these incidents go unreported each year.	其中许多事件每年都没有报告。	0
Many of the surface beliefs and feelings that we experience are symptoms of core issues, original energy blocks.	我们所经历的许多表面信仰和感受都是核心问题的症状，原始能量块。	2
Many of us at Matasano do a lot of our coding in Ruby.	Matasano 的许多人都用 Ruby 做了大量的编码。	0
Many other people read the site without registering a membership.	许多其他人在没有注册会员资格的情况下阅读网站。	0
Many Palestinian leaders also doubt Israel will allow a viable Palestinian state.	许多巴勒斯坦领导人还怀疑以色列是否会允许一个可行的巴勒斯坦国。	2
Many people choose aesthetic surgery to give themselves added confidence in the workplace, a psychological boost after a lifestyle change or simply to help them look as young as they feel.	许多人选择审美手术是为了增强自己对工作场所的信心，在生活方式发生变化后的心理刺激，或者只是为了帮助他们看起来像年轻一样。	2
Many people have been deeply touched by how the sound affects them.	许多人对声音对他们的影响深感感动。	2
Many people think of the perfect Cheap Uggs to purchase for their loved ones.	许多人认为最便宜的 Uggs 可以为他们的亲人购买。	1
Many people think they are compensated by the value they hoarded.	许多人认为他们所获得的价值是对他们的补偿。	2
Many people today endure the consequences of some type of excessive sweating.	今天，许多人忍受着某种过度出汗的后果。	2
Many people who had come for the exhibition were forced out of the venue and ordered to disperse, Radio VOP witnessed.	VOP 电台见证了许多前来参加展览的人被迫离开会场并被命令驱散。	1
Many people who suffer from generalized anxiety will be happy to determine if anyone has completely overcome their anxiety disorder.	许多普遍焦虑的人将乐意决定是否有人完全克服了焦虑障碍。	2
Many people with APSGN are asymptomatic (showing no symptoms of the disease).	许多 APSGN 患者没有症状（没有该疾病的症状）。	0
Many personal stories and several songs were also shared!	还分享了许多个人故事和几首歌曲！	0
Many profiles are only visible to registered members!!!	许多配置文件只对注册成员可见！！！	0
Many recipes dilute the drink with unnecessary extras...	许多食谱用不必要的额外东西来稀释饮料 ...	1
Many repeat customers in place including private contractors and local government.	许多回头客，包括私人承包商和地方政府。	0
Many scholars of Foucault view these writings as aberrant or the product of a political mistake.	许多富卡多学者认为这些著作是反常的或政治错误的产物。	1
Many seniors need coverage to provide assistance in protecting a partner.	许多老年人需要得到保险，以提供保护伴侣的援助。	1
Many stores sell the baskets cheap so look for a place where you can stock up.	许多商店出售的篮子都很便宜，所以找一个地方你可以囤积。	1
Many students have been seen opting for career in accounting or commerce after passing their secondary school examinations.	许多学生在通过中学考试后选择从事会计或商业工作。	0
Many studies have been conducted to find out more about this disorder; however, they all seem to suggest that dyslexia runs throughout families and is passed on to many children genetically.	为了进一步了解这一疾病，已经进行了许多研究；然而，这些研究似乎都表明，读写障碍在整个家庭中都存在，并在遗传方面传给了许多儿童。	1
Many thanks to all the organisers and sponsors.	非常感谢所有组织者和赞助者。	0
Many thanks to Carol Shields, former Administrative Secretary here at Baptist Christian School, for converting the tape of this interview into a transcript.	非常感谢浸信会基督教学校前行政秘书卡罗尔 · 希尔德将这次采访的录音带变成了一篇笔录。	1
Marathon Oil Co. picked up 11 tracts near Kenai that are near state acreage the company acquired last year in a sale by the state Mental Health Land Trust.	马拉松石油公司在 Kenai 附近捡起了 11 条靠近州的土地，该公司去年通过州精神健康土地信托公司的一项销售收购了该公司。	2
March 29, 2012 Highway patrol releases report on raceway death The Oklahoma Highway Patrol has released additional information about the death of a Moore drag racer after his wreck at a Noble raceway....	2012 年 3 月 29 日，高速公路巡逻发布了关于赛道死亡的报告俄克拉荷马高速公路巡逻发布了关于一个摩尔拉格赛车在一个贵族赛道上失事后死亡的更多信息 ...	1
March kicks off with a variety of events.	三月开始举办各种活动。	1
Margot is also a published poet and author of the thriller Wild Justice.	Margot 也是《疯狂正义》的出版诗人和作者。	1
Marianne started crying as she was dragged away from her home, her parents and her life.	Marianne 开始哭，因为她被拖出家，父母和生命。	2
Marie is an equal strong hurricane as Katrina that destroyed New Orleans.	玛丽是一场与卡特里娜飓风一样强烈的飓风，它摧毁了新奥尔良。	0
Marina asks where he has been but then shrugs off the question and asks him to sit down by her.	Marina 询问他的位置，然后回避问题，让他坐在她的旁边。	1
Mark and Roger trailed behind Mimi as she quickened her pace.	马克和罗杰在迈米加速步伐的过程中落后于她。	2
Market environment 17 Dealing with private organizations is a new task for government entities.	市场环境 17 与私人组织打交道是政府实体的一项新任务。	0
Mark i did ask that question is it a leica patent and the answer is yes .	Mark 我问过这个问题是 Leica 的专利，答案是肯定的。	2
Mark Inchley with a top way to start your weekend, packed with ideas of things to do.	马克 · 英奇利（ Mark Inchley ）为您开启周末的最佳方式，为您提供精彩活动的创意。	0
Mark is the second Grenadian resident in Toronto to be slain this year.	马克是今年第二位在多伦多的格勒纳迪亚居民。	1
Mark Stevensreply You are correct in saying that there are many income streams in which tax is deducted.	马克 · 斯蒂文斯回答说，你正确地说，有许多收入来源可以扣除税款。	1
Mark Thomas was shortlisted for an Emmy in September 2011.	2011 年 9 月，马克 · 托马斯在艾米的入选名单中名列最后。	1
Markus can role right into a new project.	Markus 可以在新项目中发挥作用。	0
Martial Law administrators and Generals whose most painful struggles are sleepless nights do not make revolutionaries!!	军法管理人员和将军最痛苦的斗争是无眠之夜，他们不能成为革命者！！	1
Martin is the guy who shows up early, gets in extra work, and cares about his team and his franchise as much as any player in the league.	马丁是一个早早地出现，从事额外工作的人，他对自己的球队和他的特许经营关系的关心程度与联盟中的任何球员一样。	1
Marvel at the elegant presentation of our furniture and take inspiration for your own setting, decoration and colour schemes.	我们的家具优雅的外观让您惊叹不已，您可以为自己的布置，装饰和配色方案提供灵感。	0
Marvelous achievement of BCA Students by securing maximum university ranks in Annual Exams.	通过确保年度考试中的最高大学级别， BCA 学生取得了了不起的成就。	2
Marwencol is a fictional town, created by Mark Hogancamp in the backyard of his New Jersey home.	Marwencol 是一个虚构的小镇，由 Mark Hogancamp 在他的新泽西之家后院创建。	0
Mary found that she had free run of the fair.	玛丽发现她自由跑了这个展览会。	2
Mary Lou Davis said there will likely be more chances for public input.	玛丽 · 卢 · 戴维斯说，公众参与的机会可能会更多。	0
M asks her if she knows the programme and of course she does.	M 询问她是否了解该计划，当然她也知道。	2
Mass Communications Service Provide Warnings and Emergency Alerts To Thousands Of Residents.	大众通讯服务向数千名居民提供警告和紧急警报。	0
Mass customization combines high production volume with high product variety.	批量定制结合了高产量和高产品种类。	0
Master theses are published for download on the REMENA web site and serve as examples for students involved in master thesis projects.	硕士论文发表在可再生能源和可再生能源服务网站上供下载，并作为参与硕士论文项目的学生的范例。	0
Masudul Huq turned away to stop the thought arising in his head, that these people must open candy wrappers the way they undressed their mistresses every night, casual strangers picked up somewhere.	马苏杜尔 · 胡克拒绝接受他脑子里出现的想法，即这些人必须打开糖果包装，每天晚上都要脱掉他们的女服务员，随意的陌生人在某处拾起来。	2
Materials found not in compliance with copyright law, or for which copyright permission has been denied, will be removed from course reserves and the instructor will be notified.	被发现不符合版权法或被拒绝版权许可的材料将被从课程储备中删除，并通知教师。	1
Matt Chatham in Action Many of the top players in the world spend their entire lives trying to attain the goal of becoming a world champion.	Matt Chatham 在行动中，世界上许多顶尖球员一生都在努力实现成为世界冠军的目标。	1
Matter of fact, she was praying for me in the wee hours of the morning when she was struggling to sleep.	事实上，她在早上的凌晨为我祈祷，当时她正挣扎着睡觉。	2
Matt graduated with a double major in communication arts and Bible and religion.	马特毕业于通讯艺术，圣经和宗教领域的双重专业。	1
Matt Lloyd, Paralympic Athlete is credited with inventing Inline Sledge Hockey and Great Britain is seen as the international leader in the games development.	残奥会运动员马特 · 劳埃德（ Matt Lloyd ）因发明了内嵌雪橇曲棍球而获得了赞誉，而英国则被视为游戏发展领域的国际领导者。	1
Maximize your energy savings with programmable thermostat If you want to save on your heating and cooling bill without sacrificing com- fort, you might consider a programmable thermostat.	通过可编程恒温器最大限度地节省能源如果您想节省加热和冷却费用而不牺牲压缩成本，您可以考虑使用可编程恒温器。	0
Max warms the feet in a cold office.	Max 在寒冷的办公室中使双脚翘曲。	1
Maybe Ax could try a pie eating contest or something.	也许 AX 可以尝试派食比赛或其他东西。	1
Maybe by then Spencer will be more open.	也许届时斯宾塞会更加开放。	0
Maybe Doctor Brennan was right and psychology was only a...	也许 Brennan 医生是对的，心理学只是一个 ...	0
Maybe even Haru the power to turn into a cat once in a while.	也许连哈鲁也能偶尔变成一只猫。	2
Maybe every mother has always wanted to be better?	也许每一位母亲都希望变得更好？	0
Maybe he really wanted to try to make this work.	也许他真的想尝试让这项工作发挥作用。	1
Maybe he would think that the Girl on Fire had eaten them.	也许他会认为火烧的女孩吃了他们。	2
Maybe I should take away your ouroboros: THEN you would not even have a mind with which to question my orders.	也许我应该把你的外罗波罗斯带走：那么你甚至不会介意问我的订单。	2
Maybe it would have been better if it was.	如果是的话，也许会更好。	0
Maybe mixed with a hint of nervousness, but she had definitly seen the corners of his mouth tilt upward.	也许与紧张的感觉混合在一起，但她确实看到了他的嘴角向上倾斜。	1
Maybe my partner and i could make a stpry about her in our own story.	也许我和我的伙伴可以在我们自己的故事中对她做一个介绍。	2
Maybe that Cosmos woman is actually the one who wiped our memories clean.	也许宇宙的女人是把我们的记忆擦干净的人。	2
Maybe that is because the push to combine all those who live in the British Isles is rather recent in history.	也许这是因为将所有生活在英国群岛的人结合起来的努力在历史上是相当近期的。	2
Maybe that will reduce the number of abortions.	也许这将减少堕胎数量。	0
Maybe the ending was simply more solemn than bittersweet?	也许结局比苦乐更庄严？	2
Maybe there should be a law to name and shame bad parents?	也许应该有一部法律来命名和羞辱坏父母？	1
Maybe the Time Magazine story today declaring her best actress is based on this?	也许《时代杂志》今天宣布她的最佳女演员的故事是基于这一点的？	1
Maybe they were asked by Mambo Caroline to come and scare us back to New Orleans.	也许他们被曼博 · 卡罗琳要求来恐吓我们回到新奥尔良。	1
Maybe toss in some Kurtty fluff for a chappie or two and then end. I likes this story!	也许在库尔特蒂的一两个笛子里丢了一个，然后结束了。我喜欢这个故事！	2
Maybe we could find something in common to discuss.	也许我们可以找到一些共同点来讨论。	1
Maybe we do wish a lot of Chinese food on the couch with your wife on you.	也许我们确实希望在沙发上和你的妻子一起吃很多中国菜。	2
Maybe we need to build in a hybrid car detector into the GPS program.	也许我们需要在 GPS 程序中构建混合汽车探测器。	2
Maybe, you could even give me some suggestions on how to set up a website that I can use for my REI business.	也许，你甚至可以给我一些关于如何建立一个网站的建议，我可以用它来开展我的 REI 业务。	0
Maybe you have a number of people who need to be trained in English.	也许您有一些人需要接受英语培训。	1
Maybe you should have a sequel to this.	也许您应该对此有一个后续。	1
Maybe you should read a lot of english book to correct this mistakes, and write your draft at microsoft word and check your spelling mistake there.	也许您应该阅读大量英文书来纠正这一错误，然后在 Microsoft Word 中写下您的草稿并检查拼写错误。	0
May be you still confused where you can find this partner, because there is lots of company out there.	也许您仍然不清楚在哪里可以找到这位合作伙伴，因为那里有很多公司。	1
May God be with you in this your time of grief.	愿上帝在你的悲痛时刻与你同在。	0
May God comfort and save the precious people of Haiti.	愿上帝保佑和拯救海地宝贵的人民。	1
May poison ivy never grow on your property.	可能毒害 ivy 永远不会在您的财产上生长。	2
May the security disallow him to take every the Components with him?	安全是否允许他随身携带所有组件？	1
May we spend our lives such and delight in it!	愿我们把我们的生活花费在这样的地方，并在这里感到高兴！	1
Me and Damon stand there in silence for about a minute.	我和达蒙在那里沉默了一分钟。	0
Meaning if I watched a blu ray movie on it it would indeed by blu ray quality coming from my TV just as if it was a stand alone unit?	这意味着如果我在电视上看一部蓝光电影，就像它是一个独立的单元一样，蓝光质量也会从我的电视上得到。	2
Means of including private providers in these systems will need to be identified.	需要确定将私营提供商纳入这些系统的方法。	0
Meanwhile a new threat stands to bring the world on the edge of war.	与此同时，一种新的威胁将使世界处于战争边缘。	2
Meanwhile, Kennedy, who had been drumming absently on the arms of his chair, suddenly rose and walked quietly over to a scrap basket that stood beside an escritoire.	与此同时，一直在坐椅上放着鼓的肯尼迪突然站起来，悄悄地走到了一个废篮旁边的一个小动物。	2
Meanwhile Lance found Kitty dancing in the halls.	与此同时， Lance 发现 Kitty 在大厅里跳舞。	0
Meanwhile, Nokia has been dealt a serious blow at the hands of Apple and others, according to a new wealth management report out of UBS.	同时，根据 UBS 的一份新的财富管理报告，诺基亚受到了苹果和其他公司的严重打击。	0
Meanwhile other farmers say it is the geographical similarities that make Africa an ideal choice to grow Vietnamese rice.	而其他农民则说，正是地理上的相似性使非洲成为种植越南大米的理想选择。	0
Measurement of pain Nearly a quarter of all the annotations provided an explanation of the nature of pain.	在所有注释中，近四分之一的疼痛测量都解释了疼痛的性质。	0
Measures must be in compliance with the OHS Regulation.	措施必须符合 OHS 法规。	0
Meat and potatoes are my basic staple but My Darling Wife wants me to live a long time and feeds me fruits and veggies all the time.	肉和土豆是我最基本的主食，但我亲爱的妻子希望我能活得久一点，并且一直给我喂水果和蔬菜。	2
Me, Bobby and Dean were lying on the ground as well Dean was crawling back to me I was shaking and I could taste the blood in my mouth.	我，鲍比和迪恩躺在地上，迪恩也在爬回我身边，我在摇晃，我可以在嘴里品尝到血液。	2
Medias are now conditioning us to the truth worldwide!!!	媒体现在让我们了解世界各地的真相！！！	1
Mediation Effect of Knowledge Transfer Process The last three steps examine the direct effect of independent variables on the dependent variable after controlling for mediating variable.	知识传递过程的调解效果最后三个步骤在控制变量调解后检查独立变量对从属变量的直接影响。	1
Mediation of benthicpelagic coupling by microphytobenthos: an energy and nutrient based model for initiation of blooms of Aureococcus anophagefferens.	Mediation of benthicpelagic coupling by microphytobenthos: an energy and nutrient based model for initiation of blooms of Aureococcus anophagefferens.	2
Medical and nursing students are also present at the theater.	医学和护理学学生也在剧院里。	1
Medina took it to the next level when he landed two back flips within a week...	麦地那在一周内两次背唇着陆时，把它提升到了一个新的高度……	2
Medium zipped shoulder bag with two front zipped welt pockets.	中型拉链肩包，带两个前拉链式焊工口袋。	0
Mega said nothing, allowing the events to sink in as the repairs were continued.	Mega 什么也不说，让事件随着维修的继续而沉入。	1
Megatron resignedly pushed his way to the side of the bed, where Tarantulas and Rhinox were fiddling around with machinery.	梅加特龙用机械将他的路推到了床边，塔兰图拉和犀牛在那里飞起。	2
Meggie nodded and kissed her mother on the cheek.	Meggie 点头吻了她母亲的脸颊。	1
Melons melon heart meridian and prostate gland is widely an occidental life for acne.	密氏瓜心子午线和前列腺是痤疮的一种普遍的西方生活 .	2
Member Bob Wright has also put together a hiking program for interested members.	鲍勃 · 赖特委员还为感兴趣的成员制定了徒步旅行计划。	0
Members of the Catholic hierarchy have opposed abortion consistently as evidence of sexual sin, but they have not always seen early abortion as homicide.	天主教统治阶层的成员一贯反对堕胎作为性犯罪的证据，但他们并不总是将早期堕胎视为杀人。	1
Members of the Executive Committee may not stand for election to the same office for two years.	执行委员会成员在两年内不得竞选同一职位。	0
Members that joined in 2000 are logging in today at no additional charge.	2000 年加入该组织的成员今天正在免费登录。	0
Members will then use the controller to move around the site.	然后，成员将使用控制器在站点中移动。	0
Men and Women are equal in potential but have separate paths to manifest the same objective.	男女在潜力上是平等的，但有不同的途径来表明同样的目标。	1
Mental aspirin tylenol interaction claims may fail reproduced in descendants or in the community.	在后代或社区中可能无法再现精神阿司匹林特伦诺的相互作用。	2
Mentored and supervised by a workplace employee, the student achieves objectives that are developed and documented by the college that directly relate to specific occupational outcomes.	在工作场所员工的指导和监督下，学生实现了学院制定并记录的与特定职业结果直接相关的目标。	1
Mentoring is a particular kind of relationship in which a person with identified abilities or competencies enables another to develop his / her own abilities and talents.	辅导是一种特殊的关系，在这种关系中，具备确定的能力或能力的人能够让他人发展自己的能力和才干。	1
Mercedes just got home to red roses all over the place.	梅赛德斯刚刚回家，到处都是红玫瑰。	0
Mercedes was the only person in the world that Kurt trusted enough to let her see past all of his masks and shields.	梅赛德斯是世界上唯一一个值得 Kurt 信任的人，她可以让她看到他的所有面具和盾牌。	2
Mercer Education ME a premier educational tutoring center for test ...	美世教育我是一个主要的教育指导中心，用于测试 ...	1
Merge all the layers together and smudge the area you think it will be good to....	将所有层合并在一起，并将你认为它会很好的区域粉碎…	2
Merlin and the women watched impressed as Arthur won the game three times.	在亚瑟三次赢得比赛时，梅林和女队的观看令人印象深刻。	2
Merlin screws his eyes shut for a moment as he feels tears start to form, of course he would love for Arthur to forgive him but he cannot say that.	当他感到眼泪开始形成时，梅林将目光闭上了一段时间，当然，他希望亚瑟原谅他，但他不能这样说。	2
Mesa Airlines provides service from Alamogordo to Albuquerque and Roswell on a Beechcraft 1900 twice a day.	梅萨航空公司每天提供两次从阿拉莫戈多到阿尔布开克和罗斯韦尔的 Beechcraft 1900 航班服务。	1
Metacommunication is a form of communication in which information is provided that modifies the meaning of subsequent communication.	Metacommunication 是一种通信形式，其中提供的信息会改变后续通信的含义。	1
Metamora, IN is hosting this annual run to aid the Whitewater Canal Trail, Inc. Money collected from this event will assist in building and maintaining the trail and the Whitewater Canal Historic Site.	梅塔莫拉（ Metamora ）正在主办这一年度跑步活动，以帮助惠特沃特运河小径（ Whitewater Canal Trail ）。此次活动所收集的资金将有助于建造和维护小径和惠特沃特运河历史遗址。	0
Methods of determining temperature from that long ago include tree ring measurements and ice core samples.	从很久以前开始确定温度的方法包括树环测量和冰芯样品。	1
Meyer also suggested that the sharks' attraction to food thrown in the water is no different than to scraps being thrown overboard by crab ﬁshermen which has been occurring since 1960.	Meyer 还指出，鲨鱼对水中食物的吸引力与自 1960 年以来一直发生的螃蟹渔民将废渣抛在水面上的吸引力并无区别。	0
MGH Trading Ltd will only be liable for direct loss up to a maximum total of the price of the product or service purchased in respect of any claim.	MGH Trading Ltd 将只对直接损失负责，最高赔偿额不超过因任何索赔而购买的产品或服务的价格总额。	1
Michael addressed a meeting of a large and diverse group of professionals on high performance team culture, drawing on his personal experience, in a practical and humorous way.	迈克尔在一个由众多不同专业人士组成的会议上以务实和幽默的方式利用他的个人经验，就高绩效团队文化发表了演讲。	0
Michael Bisping is an English mixed martial artist currently fighting in the ...	迈克尔 · 比斯平是一位英格兰混血武术艺术家，目前在 ...	0
Michael got up and continued to get dressed, went to his next class, and went home later that afternoon.	迈克尔站起来，继续着装，上了下一班，那下午晚些时候回家。	2
Michael Hubele To all Thank you so much for a wonderful welcome and your friendship.	迈克尔 · 惠贝勒致所有人——非常感谢您的热情欢迎和友谊。	1
Michael J. Hoeppner of the clergy of the Diocese of Winona, Minnesota to succeed Bishop Victor Herman Balke as bishop of the Diocese of Crookston, Minnesota.	明尼苏达州温诺纳教区神职人员迈克尔 · 霍佩纳接替维克托 · 赫曼 · 巴尔克主教担任明尼苏达州克罗克斯顿教区主教。	0
Michael Kruse made three sacks and one tackle for a loss, Kenton Coffman made one sack and two tackles for losses, Bobby Degnan and Lee Davis each made one tackle for a loss.	迈克尔 · 克鲁斯以 3 个索克和 1 个索具的失利为目标，肯顿 · 科夫曼以 1 个索具和 2 个索具的失利为目标，而波比 · 德格南和李 · 戴维斯则分别为 1 个索具失利。	2
Michael Strogoff then added that he had obtained a special podorojna for Siberia , and that the Russian authorities could in no way hinder his progress .	迈克尔 · 斯特罗戈夫接着补充说，他获得了西伯利亚的一个特别的波多罗贾纳，俄罗斯当局绝不能阻碍他的进步。	1
Michael was never able to see either of his brother or sisters ever get married.	迈克尔从未见过他的兄弟或姐妹中的任何一人结婚。	1
Microsoft has moved much of its R &amp; D to the East as well.	Microsoft 也将其大部分研发转移到了东方。	0
Microsoft is obviously realizing this and wants to do something about it.	显然， Microsoft 意识到了这一点，并希望对此采取一些措施。	2
Mid Atlantic Regional Forum Shows and Jams General What I want to see is...	中大西洋区域论坛展示和讨论常规我想要看到的是 ...	2
Middle school students' access to the Internet and electronic mail is only available under the direct supervision of a teacher, instructional assistant or other trained adult volunteer.	只有在教师，教学助理或其他受过培训的成人志愿人员的直接监督下，中学生才能使用互联网和电子邮件。	2
Mid on shoes from our vast selection a lightweight waterproof mid cut hiking boot images scree and rainy weather got.	从我们众多的鞋款中选择一款轻便的防水中切徒步靴图片，让您在雨天尖叫。	2
Might be worth trying a different browser to see if that helps.	或许值得尝试另一个浏览器来查看这是否有帮助。	1
Mike Coyne poured his heart and soul into this decision.	迈克 · 科恩将他的心和灵魂注入了这一决定。	2
Mike frowned, slightly perturbed at being laughed at while also being touched in his most intimate areas.	迈克对在他最亲密的地方被人感动的同时被人嘲笑感到有些不安。	2
Mike had prepared for the ride pretty seriously for several months as I had.	迈克像我一样认真准备了几个月的骑行。	0
Mike Mayo - Deutsche Bank But you did say the board feels comfortable with the levels of changes that have been made.	Mike Mayo - 德意志银行，但您确实说董事会对所做的变化感到满意。	0
Mike Smith became clean and sober after his friend died from heroin overdose.	迈克 · 史密斯在他的朋友死于海洛因过量后变得清洁和清醒。	1
Mike T and I were totally swept by your progress of first lesson!	Mike T 和我完全被你们第一课的进展所扫了！	2
Mike Venezia led the Raiders with eight points while Alex Woodhouse had seven blocks.	迈克 · 威尼斯以 8 分领先了 Raiders ，而 Alex Woodhouse 则有 7 个街区。	1
Mike will provide you with useful and actionable tips to help you sell more immediately.	Mike 将为您提供有用且可行的提示，帮助您立即进行销售。	1
Mila set out to find Rose and ask her how her little day went with Jack.	Mila 开始寻找 Rose ，询问她与 Jack 的小日子是怎样的。	0
Miles and miles of walls filled with skulls in advanced decomposition states, staring at her from their empty orbits.	在先进的分解状态下，数英里和数英里的墙壁上充满了头骨，从空的轨道上望着她。	2
Miles had ceased crying but let out cries of frustration as he tried to take the blind fold over his eyes off.	Miles had ceased crying but let out cries of frustration as he tried to take the blind fold over his eyes off.	2
Militarization by the state brings increased levels of sexual violence.	国家的军事化导致性暴力的增加。	1
Miller gives very little attention to the group of Christians who find themselves repeatedly voting for Democrats for various reasons.	米勒很少关注那些出于各种原因一再投票支持民主党的基督徒。	0
Miller has played about three minutes in each game and has yet to score.	米勒在每场比赛中都打了 3 分钟，但尚未得分。	1
Millions available in Minority Business Grants to expand your existing business!	数百万少数群体商业赠款可用于扩展您的现有业务！	1
Millions of blacks were abducted from West Africa and transported to America as slaves; all they could do was sing sad songs for their homeland.	数百万黑人被从西非绑架，作为奴隶被运往美国；他们所能做的只是为自己的家园唱悲伤的歌曲。	0
Millions of people have put their trust in Aetna health insurance over the years.	多年来，数百万人对 Aetna 医疗保险的信任度很高。	1
Millions of people travel to this lovely German city to get a glimpse of its impressive architecture, check out its impressive museums, see the beauty of its green oases and enjoy its nightlife.	数百万人来到这座可爱的德国城市，一睹其令人印象深刻的建筑，参观其令人印象深刻的博物馆，欣赏其绿色绿洲的美景，享受其夜生活。	0
Mind over matter may really work when it comes to managing appetite.	在管理食欲方面， " 以心为本 " 可能会真正奏效。	1
Mine is ten and is looking for a new friend.	我的 10 岁，正在寻找一个新朋友。	2
Mines and remote bombs can be set to blow up when approached by enemies.	当敌人接近时，可以设置地雷和远程炸弹爆炸。	0
Minimal The instructor allows little time for questions.	最小化讲师只需很少的时间回答问题。	2
Mini note: If anyone has any ideas they want to see or any specific relationship scenes, then feel free to message me or leave a review and I'll try to add it into the story.	迷你备注：如果有人有任何想法想要查看或任何特定的关系场景，则可以随意向我发送消息或留下评论，我将尝试将其添加到故事中。	1
Minister Baksh related that the school has about 450 students and over 300 of them lived in the dormitory that was recently renovated and housed 15.	巴克什部长表示，该校有 450 名学生，其中 300 多人住在最近翻修的宿舍，住了 15 人。	2
Ministers want to make it more likely these caps would be breached by allowing departments to count time taken to read documents and discuss their release.	部长们希望通过允许各部门计算阅读文件和讨论文件释放问题所需的时间，使这些上限更有可能被违反。	1
Minutes earlier, the General Assembly of UJA Federations of North America held its closing session in the same building.	几分钟前，北美法学家协会联合会大会在同一大楼举行了闭幕会议。	1
Minutes turned into hours and she found herself sitting upon the stone floor staring into the flickering fire of the torches upon the wall.	几分钟变成了几个小时，她发现自己坐在石头地板上，盯着墙上的火炬闪烁的火焰。	1
Miracles were reported at the shrine and in the waters of the spring.	神殿和春天的水里有奇迹报道。	2
Miriam watched him walk toward her, exhaustion and strain making his stride ungainly.	Miriam 看着他走向她，疲惫和紧张使他的步伐变得不灵。	1
Misaki groaned in annoyance when the sun came out and shone brightly through the windows, slowly pulling her out of her dreams.	当太阳出来的时候，米苏基在怒气冲直下，从窗户里闪耀着光芒，慢慢地把她从梦中拉出来。	2
Misaligned ambitions were defined as a significant mismatch between the amount of education an adolescent expects to attain and the education required for those occupations the adolescent wants to enter.	未对齐的抱负被定义为青少年预期获得的教育程度与青少年希望进入的职业所需的教育程度之间的严重不匹配。	2
Misconceptions about schizophrenia Schizophrenia is often poorly understood and many people have misconceptions about it.	对精神分裂症的误解往往被人们所理解，许多人对此有误解。	2
Miss Emily LAU cautioned that the taking of samples differed from the taking of other exhibits in that there were also Action 6 - volunteered samples.	刘慧卿议员警告，抽取样本与抽取其他证物不同，因为亦有行动 6 －自愿抽取样本。	1
Missionaries go in obedience to the calling of God who has saved them and they desire to share His truth and saving power with those who have not received Him.	传教士服从拯救他们的神的召唤，他们希望与那些没有接受他的人分享他的真理和拯救他的权力。	1
Mississippi still has Forrest County named for him, maybe just be happy with that and the fact that the state flag is basically the confederate national flag.	密西西比州仍然有福雷斯特县（ Forrest County ）为他命名，或许只是对这一点以及国旗基本上是联邦国旗这一事实感到高兴。	1
Missouri sent Dean and Sam to that cabin so that Sam can return back in time and help little Dean right?	密苏里州派迪恩和萨姆到了机舱里，这样 Sam 就可以及时返回，并帮助小迪恩？	1
Mistreatment in Lebanon has not yet raised consciousness.	黎巴嫩的虐待行为尚未引起人们的意识。	1
Mitsubishi Motors has been on the international Rally Scene since 1967.	自 1967 年以来，三菱汽车一直在国际拉力赛中。	1
Mitt Romney was busy being one of the most liberal governors in the nation.	米特 · 罗姆尼正忙于成为全国最自由的州长之一。	1
Mix the sour cream topping ingredients in a medium bowl and set aside.	将酸奶油配料混合在一个中等碗中并放在一边。	1
MMMA and the other employer associations have acted in good faith and put on the table for discussion purposes, HB 522 from the 2009 legislative session, which includes the suggestions above.	MMMA 和其他雇主协会本着诚意行事，并将 2009 年立法会议的第 522 页提交讨论，其中包括上述建议。	0
Mobility and connections moulded civilizations long before the development of global capitalism and modern communication technologies.	在全球资本主义和现代通信技术发展之前，移动性和联系早已塑造了文明。	1
Model high quality teaching behaviors for newer faculty.	为较新的教师树立高质量教学行为的典范。	1
Model of service is early intervention for psychosis.	服务模式是早期干预精神病。	2
Model Reviews: Model reviews draw on our experience of best practice excel models as well as our skills as resource analysts.	模型审查：模型审查借鉴了我们在最佳实践 Excel 模型方面的经验以及我们作为资源分析师的技能。	0
Modification or replacement of the Instrument and Articles of Government 26.	修改或取代《政府條文》及《政府條文》 26.	1
Moktseev received strong support from a vegetable dealer who put at his disposal his stireroom in which to carry out the work.	Moktseev 得到了一家蔬菜经销商的大力支持，该经销商将他的马蹬交给他去做这项工作。	2
Mokuba slung his back pack to the large table in the middle of the room.	姆库巴把他的背包倒在房间中间的大桌子上。	1
Moller H: Testicular cancer risk in relation to use of disposable nappies.	Moller H ：与使用一次性尿布有关的睾丸癌风险。	0
Molly twisted herself round in her seat to face the right way, her face alight with joy and a big grin settled on her lips.	莫莉在她的座位上转了转，面对着正确的方向，她的脸高兴地点燃了，一个大的格林在她的嘴唇上安顿下来。	2
Mom turns on her heel and is immediately coming out the exit door.	妈妈转身在她的脚跟上，马上就从出口门出来。	2
Moncler is primarily known because of its line of class skiwear designer distinct high fashion associated with Belstaff Jacket manufacturer, manages to transform the fabric from the jacket.	蒙克勒因其与 Belstaff Jacket 制造商相关的一流滑雪服设计师独特的高端时尚而闻名，成功地从夹克中转变了织物。	1
Monetarism achieved its first international victory in Chile in its 1973 military coup.	专一主义在 1973 年的军事政变中在智利取得了第一次国际胜利。	0
Monica and Andrew as husband and wife are simply adorable!	莫妮卡和安德鲁是夫妻俩，非常可爱！	0
Monique never thought it would come to this.	Monique 从未想过会这样。	0
Montgomery is an economic policy expert who worked with Department of Energy officials on the job to create potential for electric vehicles, smart grid technology, solar energy and other green energy investments.	Montgomery 是一名经济政策专家，他与能源部官员合作，为电动车，智能电网技术，太阳能和其他绿色能源投资创造潜力。	2
Mont Rest Inn is located in Bellevue and attractions in the region include Washburne House Historic Site, Grant Home, and Old Market House.	蒙特雷斯酒店位于贝尔维尤（ Bellevue ），该地区的景点包括华盛顿故居（ Washburne House ）历史遗址（ Historic Site ），格兰特故居（ Grant Home ）和老市场（ Old Market House ）。	0
MOOD In conventional wisdom, it is assumed that sexual interest and, to some extent, sexual responsiveness go down in states of negative mood such as depression or anxiety.	在传统智慧中，人们认为，在抑郁或焦虑等消极情绪状态下，性兴趣和某种程度上的性反应会下降。	0
MORE ¥110 Yves Borie Syrah Bouquet of blackberry fruits and delicious hints of spice on the palate with a velvety finish.	更多 ¥110 Yves Borie Syrah 花束 BlackBerry 水果和美味的香料味，口感顺滑。	2
More and more of what happened was becoming clearer in his mind.	在他看来，所发生的事情越来越清楚了。	0
More can be connected if external power connection is jumpered to every sixth board.	如果外部电源连接跳线连接到每六块板，则可以连接更多的板。	2
More detailed description of the syntax and semantics of the language and techniques for using it to model both electronic and nonelectronic systems.	对语言的语法和语义的更详细描述，以及使用它来模拟电子和非电子系统的技术。	2
Morehead State University offers a total of one program in technology.	莫雷海德州立大学总共提供一个技术课程。	1
More importantly, we need to warn them about the importance of bad situations, and how easy it is to associate a particularly bad experience with a certain group of people.	更重要的是，我们需要警告他们坏情况的重要性，以及将特别坏的经历与某群人联系在一起是多么容易。	2
More Info Phone View Website ambulance Looking for ambulance?	更多信息电话查看网站寻找救护车？	2
More information and the following information can be found on the Risk Management Website.	更多信息和以下信息可在风险管理网站上找到。	0
More information is available to registered investors on the site.	更多信息可在网站上提供给注册投资者。	0
More often than not Misaki played hard to get and was very embarrassed by public displays of affection, even if it was in their own home.	米苏基常常是在努力获得，甚至在自己家里，也因公众的感情表现而感到非常尴尬。	2
More of these hot boys What totally blew me away as the guys started to go at it in this vid is how horny Lucas was.	更多这些热的男孩当这些家伙开始在这种生动中看它时，让我完全震惊的是卢卡斯是多么的可怕。	2
Moreover, by this method we can trace the subsequent changes which rocks have suffered in the chemical alteration of their minerals by percolating water, with the resulting secondary products.	此外，通过这种方法，我们可以追踪岩石在其矿物通过渗水进行化学改变过程中所遭受的变化，以及由此产生的二次产物。	1
Moreover, Catholic Spain and Portugal lost their supremacy at sea and Protestant countries like Britain, Holland and later Germany emerged as the great maritime nations of the earth.	此外，天主教西班牙和葡萄牙在海上失去了至高无上的地位，英国，荷兰和后来的德国等新教国家成为地球上的伟大海洋国家。	0
Moreover, in 2000, particular segments of the Treasury market occasionally experienced bouts of unusually low liquidity that appeared related to actual or potential reductions in the supply of individual securities.	此外，在 2000 年，某些部分的国库市场偶尔出现异常低的流动性，这似乎与个人证券供应的实际或潜在减少有关。	1
Moreover, the clustering results with ranks can provide more informative views of data compared with traditional clustering.	此外，与传统群集相比，具有等级的群集结果可以提供更丰富的数据视图。	0
Moreover the current growth rate rests on very shaky ground and more needs to be done to change the structure of growth away from volatile commodities.	此外，目前的增长率是在非常不稳定的基础上，还需要做更多的工作，改变增长结构，使之摆脱不稳定的商品。	1
Moreover, the exercise kept down the weight of the patients: so many of the mentally ill were fat.	此外，这项运动减轻了病人的体重：许多精神病患者都是脂肪。	1
Moreover, the presence of effects assumes that the investigator had the resources and patience to wait for its appearance.	此外，如果出现效果，则假定调查员有足够的资源和耐心等待其出现。	1
More recent photographs show a further reduction in the glaciated area.	最近的照片显示，冰川面积进一步缩小。	0
More so than any intellectual instruction your conscious mind will shoot at you.	更重要的是，你的头脑清醒地会向你发出任何知识指导。	2
More stories of this pairing to come in the future, i hope?	我希望将来会有更多关于这种配对的故事吗？	2
More stuff your dogs will love coming online soon...	更多你的狗会喜欢上网的东西 ...	2
Morgan had applied for the waiver in order to be provided service by Clay Regional Water...	Morgan 申请豁免，以便由 Clay Regional Water 提供服务 ...	2
Morris turned to Maureene and insisted that she have sex with the other man.	Morris 转向 Maureene ，坚持说她与另一个男人发生了性关系。	1
Mortgage lenders give highest priority to how you pay your rent or mortgage than any other bill.	按揭贷款者对您支付租金或按揭贷款的方式给予最高优先权，而不是任何其他票据。	2
Mortgage professionals are being educated through our programs so when people refinance for home improvements, they can share energy saving ideas and how to achieve a healthier indoor air quality in the process.	按揭贷款专业人士正透过我们的计划接受教育，因此当人们为改善房屋而再融资时，他们可以分享节约能源的想法，以及如何在这过程中达到更健康的室内空气质素。	1
Most Autocad display drivers can be configured to use any available color as the screen background.	大多数 AutoCAD 显示驱动程序都可以配置为使用任何可用颜色作为屏幕背景。	0
Most churches have rooms set aside a quiet room for parents to take young children who may interrupt the service.	大多数教堂都有一个安静的房间，供父母带可能中断服务的年幼儿童去。	1
Most commonly it is applied to GUI test tools.	最常见的是，它应用于 GUI 测试工具。	0
Most courses are taught in both the Spring and Fall semesters.	大多数课程都是在春季和秋季学期讲授的。	0
Most girls wait until they have lost weight to be happy.	大多数女孩一直等到体重下降后才高兴。	0
Most hot tubs are wooden and include seating for added relaxation.	大部分热水浴缸都是木制的，设有座位，让您更加放松。	0
Most importantly, I would ask that he sticks to his word and changes any policy that is not proving to work as well as he thought it would.	最重要的是，我要要求他坚持自己的诺言，改变任何不能像他想象的那样有效的政策。	2
Most journals or botanical institutions will provide help if required.	大多数期刊或植物园机构将在需要时提供帮助。	0
Most Katana are farmers and their primary crop grown for local consumption in guinea corn.	大多数卡塔纳人是农民，他们的主要作物是为当地消费而种植的几内亚玉米。	1
Most kayaking events will probably not be that long.	大多数皮划艇活动可能不会这么长。	0
Most men spend their days at work or scouting for one.	大多数男人都在工作或外出。	0
Most miners still work with hammers and picks and without gas masks or other safety equipment.	大多数矿工仍然使用锤子和截齿工作，并且没有防毒面具或其他安全设备。	1
Most of all I'm struck by the resourcefulness of the lesbians and gay men who preceded the Stonewall generation, and by the courageously bold face many of them presented to the world.	最重要的是，我对在斯通瓦尔一代之前的女同性恋者和男同性恋者的智慧以及他们中的许多人向世界展现的勇敢勇敢的面孔感到震惊。	1
Most of all, you help pay for your tuition and living expenses.	最重要的是，你帮助支付你的学费和生活费用。	0
Most of our clients come from direct personal contacts or through references by other people who we served in the past.	我们的大多数客户来自直接的个人联系或我们过去服务过的其他人的推荐。	1
Most often this is proof of the quality or additional warranty.	这通常是质量或附加保修的证明。	0
Most of that is going to go to rolling back property taxes.	其中大部分将用于收回财产税。	0
Most of them are practically strangers to each other, dealing and suffering and learning how to exist in a wilderness devoid of electricity and tall buildings.	他们中的大多数人实际上是彼此之间的陌生人，他们在没有电力和高楼大厦的荒野中进行交易和痛苦，并学习如何生存。	1
Most of these essays hold great interest for any minister.	这些文章中的大部分都是任何一位部长都感兴趣的。	1
Most of these methods really are net based and furthermore members need not downloads in addition to posting the entire trading software only on their Home pc.	这些方法中的大多数都是基于网络的，此外，除了将整个交易软件只发布在家庭 PC 上之外，成员不需要下载。	2
Most of the time this will be done by purchasing from another player using the game currency, Linden Dollars, which are freely exchangeable for US dollars at a fixed exchange rate.	大部分时间，这将通过使用游戏货币 Linden Dollars 从另一个玩家购买来实现，而 Linden Dollars 可以以固定汇率自由兑换美元。	2
Most payments will be made automatically through Centrelink and the Department of Veterans Affairs in the fortnight beginning 8 December 2008.	大多数付款将在 2008 年 12 月 8 日起的两周内通过 Centerlink 和退伍军人事务部自动支付。	0
Most people buying antique desks in Cumbria and Preston do so because they want a charming, but useful piece of utility furniture.	大多数人在坎布里亚和普雷斯顿购买古董桌是因为他们想要一件迷人而实用的家具。	1
Most people do not know the definition of these extremely broad words.	大多数人不知道这些极其宽泛的词语的定义。	0
Most people looking primarily for highly accurate time will probably be satisfied with a good quartz watch.	大多数寻找高精度时间的人可能会对一个好的石英手表感到满意。	1
Most people think that the actual sex act is what is illegal.	大多数人认为实际性行为是非法行为。	0
Most people would like to be able to choose from a number of Bartlett TN dentists.	大多数人都希望能够从许多 Bartlett TN 牙医中进行选择。	1
Most personal health care insurance rates depend on your age and location, and one can easily access these quotes through online data.	大多数个人医疗保险费率取决于您的年龄和位置，您可以通过在线数据轻松访问这些报价。	0
Most respondents said that engraved stationery instilled higher self confidence in a very legislation company than elements created by other solutions.	大多数答复者说，雕刻的文具给一家立法公司带来了比其他解决方案所创造的要素更高的自信心。	2
Most SAP consultants got their first experience by being at the right place at the right time.	大多数 SAP 顾问通过在正确的时间在正确的位置获得了他们的首次经验。	1
Most states have mandatory joint legal custody, but in practice it often means that the mother is automatically issued physical custody and the father can only see his children a few days a month.	大多数州都有强制性的共同法定监护权，但在实践中，这往往意味着母亲自动获得实际监护权，而且父亲一个月只能见到几天他的子女。	1
Mother and father are more to me than logs and stories and pictures and holos.	对我来说，母亲和父亲比原木，故事，照片和霍洛斯更是如此。	2
Mother and I finally have security with no fear.	母亲和我最终没有恐惧地获得了安全。	2
Motion control is one of many applications that require time synchronization in the control system.	运动控制是许多需要在控制系统中进行时间同步的应用程序之一。	1
Motion was made by Jerry Nolan and seconded by John Darsey to approve the agenda.	杰里 · 诺兰提出动议，约翰 · 达尔西附议批准议程。	1
Motivation is a necessary component of leaving the streets, yet it is very difficult to articulate how young people become motivated to leave while others do not according to Garrett et al.	动机是离开街头的一个必要组成部分，但很难阐明年轻人是如何被激励离开的，而其他人则不是 Garrett 等人所说的	2
Motivation is inspired by fresh and new experiences.	新的新经验激发了动力。	1
Motorists will be able to travel east and west on College Boulevard, but traffic will not be allowed to turn from College onto Lackman.	驾车人士可沿 College Boulevard 向东和向西行驶，但不允许从 College 驶入 Lackman 。	2
Mounting frustration among grassroots nationalists will have repercussions for talks on the peace process planned for September.	基层民族主义者的挫折感越来越大，这将对计划于 9 月举行的和平进程会谈产生影响。	0
Move left and follow the steep continuation crack in the arête, to finish as for the previous route.	向左移动，沿 n ü arête 中的陡峭延续裂缝行驶，以完成上一条路线。	0
Move to a spot next to the stone and examine it to complete this part of the quest.	移到石材旁边的某个位置，然后检查它以完成这部分的探索。	2
Moving Forward Because victims of elder abuse often suffer from physical and mental disabilities, many cases must rely exclusively on forensic evidence.	由于虐待老年人的受害者往往患有身体和精神残疾，因此许多案件必须完全依靠法医证据。	2
Moving his long silver bangs from his ear he pressed the phone to his ear.	他把长银从耳朵上砰砰地响了，把手机按在耳朵上。	2
Mr. Blair attempted to have it banned after the July 2005 bombings; he was rebuffed by his own government, which could find no legal basis for the ban and which feared the move might further radicalize its members.	布莱尔先生试图在 2005 年 7 月的爆炸事件后禁止这一行动；他被他自己的政府所拒绝，政府无法为这一禁令找到法律依据，担心这一行动可能会使其成员进一步激进化。	0
Mr. Braggs was talking with a group of young people at his athletic club, Bragg asked them to name which foods gave them the most energy, vitality, and endurance.	布拉格先生在他的运动俱乐部与一群年轻人交谈时，布拉格要求他们说出哪些食物给他们带来了最大的能量，活力和耐力。	1
Mr. Chomiak: When the Canadian Institute of Health Information did its report, it said that Manitoba had made significant improvement in the hallway situation.	切米亚克先生（以英语发言）：加拿大卫生信息研究所做报告时说，马尼托巴省的走廊状况有了很大改善。	1
Mr Dalyell raised his particular complaint in the same debate.	达雷尔先生在同一次辩论中提出了他的特别申诉。	2
Mr. Hawkins has been an instructor at Academy Canada since 1998 and taught for a number of years in our Business Administration program before becoming our Welding Instructor.	霍金斯先生自 1998 年以来一直担任加拿大科学院讲师，在担任我们的焊接讲师之前，他在我们的业务管理计划中接受了多年的培训。	0
Mr Kanlis input and industry knowledge has enabled us to develop this database driven site with comprehensive administration facilities allowing the site to be operated independently.	Kanlis 先生的投入和行业知识使我们能够开发这一数据库驱动型站点，并提供全面的管理设施，使该站点能够独立运行。	1
Mr. Lashbrook said that he could discuss why that could not happen in that it was a simultaneous process.	拉什布鲁克先生说，他可以讨论为什么不能这样做，因为这是一个同时进行的过程。	1
Mr. Mumford encouraged students to get involved and participate in the upcoming focus groups dealing with campus express capability.	穆福德先生鼓励学生参与即将成立的校园表达能力焦点小组。	1
Mr Newton: There is no value in members of another place putting forward motions to remove peace walls without consulting communities.	牛顿先生（译文）：另一个地方的成员在没有与社区协商的情况下提出拆除和平墙的动议，是没有价值的。	0
M Rolls for nickelodeons made by the Marquette Piano Company for the Cremona brand pianos.	由 Marquette Piano 公司为 Cremona 品牌钢琴制作的镍铁卷。	2
Mr. Paterson said he had asked Mr. Spitzer to delay the effective date of his resignation until Monday as he grappled with how much to disclose about his past infidelities.	佩特森先生说，他曾要求 Spitzer 先生将辞职的生效日期推迟到星期一，因为他在努力了解他过去的不德利事件的披露程度。	2
Mr. Ragan said he recognized that longtime volunteers feel hurt by the request, but said predators are often beloved members of their community.	Ragan 先生说，他认识到长期的志愿者会因这一请求而受伤，但他说，食肉动物往往是他们社区中的受欢迎成员。	1
Mr. Seichter feels that if the first floor has only been open for three weeks as people become more familiar with the facility there may be greater use.	Seichter 先生认为，如果一楼只开放三周，因为人们对该设施更加熟悉，可能会有更多的用途。	1
Mrs. Lockard stated that, at this point, she was in favor of giving the property to the City in order that they may put something on it that is useful to the community.	Lockard 夫人说，在这一点上，她赞成将财产归还给纽约市，以便他们可以在城市上放置对社区有用的东西。	0
Mr. Weeks intends to repair the building so it will be safe and insurable and rent it for the winter months.	Weeks 先生打算修复该建筑，使其安全可靠，并在冬季租用。	0
Ms. Conkle suggested that a workshop be held on the Monday before the technical sessions, since not many people signed up for the field trip after the conclusion of the technical sessions.	科克勒女士建议在技术会议之前的星期一举行一次讲习班，因为在技术会议结束后，没有多少人报名参加实地考察。	0
Ms C signed her consent and received her preoperative injection.	C 女士签署了她的同意书并收到了她的术前注射。	1
MSF has been working in Sudan since 1979 and has carried out vital assistance in many different regions of North Sudan.	无国界医生组织自 1979 年以来一直在苏丹工作，并在北苏丹许多不同地区提供了重要援助。	0
Ms. Leonard reported that the formal adoption of findings for the UGB expansion was scheduled for April 8, the issue will then go to the County Commissioners for approval.	Leonard 女士报告说，英国联合城市扩大计划的正式通过结果定于 4 月 8 日，然后将由县专员批准。	1
Ms. Mason also gave him some concealer from her purse and told him that he could use that to cover up his scar, which Harry thought was stupid.	梅森女士还从她的钱包里给了他一些隐匿物，并告诉他，他可以用它掩盖他的疤痕，而 Harry 认为这是愚蠢的。	1
Ms Parameshwari has been in hiding after recent threats against her life.	帕拉梅什瓦里女士最近受到生命威胁后一直躲藏起来。	1
MS sufferers should also stay away from saturated, trans fats and foods filled with preservatives.	女士患者也应远离饱和，反脂肪和充满防腐剂的食品。	2
Ms. van den Berg is responsible for a large amount of the organization behind the event, and an interview would provide a more personal lens through which to view the underlying structure of the event.	van den Berg 女士负责该活动背后的大量组织，访谈将提供一个更个人的视角来查看活动的基本结构。	1
Much as they agreed with the Zurich Brethren in other matters, their views on the subject of violence were the main cause of their separation from Münzer and the majority of German communists before the Peasant War.	就像他们在其他问题上与苏黎世弟兄会达成一致一样，他们对暴力问题的看法是他们在农民战争之前与 Münzer 和大多数德国共产党人分离的主要原因。	1
Much like grid computing, storage grids are maximising the use of individual storage units by treating them as part of a much larger virtual storage device.	与网格计算非常相似，存储网格将单个存储单元视为更大的虚拟存储设备的一部分，从而最大限度地提高了它们的使用。	2
Much more easily envisioned was a Soviet crackdown and a brutal bloodletting, which had happened, within living memory, in Czechoslovakia and Hungary, and which the Chinese had just perpetrated months before in Tiananmen Square.	更容易想象的是苏联的镇压和残酷的流血事件，这是在记忆中发生在捷克斯洛伐克和匈牙利的，中国几个月前在天安门广场犯下的。	2
Much of the FAFSA information you need will then be at hand.	您所需要的 FAFSA 信息将会随时可用。	0
Muhammad thought women should not be forbidden in mosques.	穆罕默德认为，不应禁止妇女进入清真寺。	0
Mukund Hitik is one of the best actor of bollywood.	Mukund Hitik 是宝莱坞最好的演员之一。	0
Multiple Delicious Link Checker Check multiple sites for links bookmarked in Delicious.	多个美味链接检查器检查多个网站是否有标记为美味的链接。	1
Multiple independent transgenic plants carrying the two mutants in the double mutant background were also generated and analyzed.	还生成和分析了多种独立转基因植物，它们在双突变体背景下携带两种突变体。	1
Multiple walking trails provide miles of habitat for neotropical migrants.	多条步行道为近几英里的移徒者提供了栖息地。	2
Multum does he reported by decreasing your local physician.	Multum 的报告是因为他减少了你的当地医生。	2
Mum said she would need a bigger hole because she was having a baby.	妈妈说，她需要一个更大的洞，因为她有一个婴儿。	2
Municipal expenditures have experienced more fluctuation with several lesser peaks and valley during the study period.	研究期间，城市支出波动较大，峰值和谷值较小。	1
Muppet?) was cool, but other than that I found it cheesy and for the most part uninteresting...	Muppet ？）很酷，但除此之外，我发现它很俗气，大部分都不有趣 ...	1
Murdoch was absent from the first quarter briefing, with COO Chase Carey the designated hitter.	Murdoch 缺席了第一季度的情况介绍，首席运营官 Chase Carey 是指定的击球手。	1
Muriel wanted him to know she was responsible.	Muriel 希望他知道她是负责任的。	0
Musical director is Christopher Marlowe and the show is directed by Scott Barnes.	音乐剧导演是克里斯托弗 · 马洛，导演是斯科特 · 巴恩斯。	1
Music can promote appropriate behaviour in vulnerable groups and enhance the quality of life of those beyond medical help.	音乐可以促进弱势群体的适当行为，并提高医疗救助以外的人的生活质量。	2
Music has been proven to be an effective tool in encouraging students to explore different fields.	音乐已被证明是鼓励学生探索不同领域的有效工具。	0
Music is that powerful But turn your music up loud enough and it can cause physical damage.	音乐是如此强大，但音乐声音足够大，可能会造成身体伤害。	0
Music Lyrics - marjorie fair Lyrics to your friends or rate the song by james blunt and help the song become popular.	音乐歌词 - Marjorie Fair Lyrics 向您的朋友推荐或评价 James Blunt 的歌曲并帮助这首歌曲变得流行。	1
Music Lyrics - wedlock Lyrics to your friends or rate the song by james blunt and help the song become popular.	音乐歌词——向朋友推荐婚内歌词或对 James Blunt 的歌曲进行评价，从而帮助这首歌曲变得流行。	1
Music writer Simon Reynolds shows us how to listen to Dead Man.	音乐作家 Simon Reynolds 向我们展示了如何倾听死人的声音。	2
Mussolini offered the explanation that a fascist was a fervent patriot for whom the preservation of the state is most crucial.	Mussolini 解释说，法西斯主义是一个狂热的爱国者，维护国家对他们来说至关重要。	0
Must be calculated carefully so that you can identify the loan amount.	必须仔细计算，以便您能够识别贷款金额。	1
Must be one of the socket type constants from the socket module.	必须是套接字模块中的套接字类型常量之一。	1
Must continue on with the next and soon.	必须继续进行下一个和不久的工作。	1
Must demonstrate exceptional creative design skills with willingness to push boundaries and explore new directions in design.	必须展示卓越的创造性设计技能，并愿意拓展设计领域的界限和探索新方向。	0
Must have seemed like old times for longtime faithful at Wrigley Field.	在 Wrigley Field ，对于长期忠实的人来说，这一定是一个老时代。	2
My advice is not to make your OS partition that large.	我的建议是不要让您的操作系统分区如此大。	0
My aim is to find the best combination of my moving body and my skates.	我的目标是找到运动身体和滑板的最佳组合。	1
My aim is to help business owners understand 7 key drivers of cashflow without having to spend all day trying to understand the numbers.	我的目标是帮助企业主了解现金流的 7 个关键驱动因素，而不必花一整天的时间去了解这些数字。	1
My ancestors fought in the Revolutionary War for the ideals I now hold dear.	我的祖先在革命战争中为我现在所珍视的理想而奋斗。	0
My answer was to stress the self discipline in what he did, which manifested itself in it being a single discrete act of overturning tables to prevent trade.	我的答案是在他所做的事情上强调自律，这表现在它是一个单独的推翻防止贸易的桌子的行为。	2
My arms are still halfway through my sleeve holes.	我的双臂仍在我的套筒孔的中间位置。	2
My BA role in the above mentioned project was formal, however the role of a BA in an Agile project is very different.	我在上述项目中的 BA 角色是正式的，但 BA 在敏捷项目中的角色却截然不同。	1
My best friend Sally was almost a year older than me, and lived in the house behind ours with her two much younger sisters, but they were away on vacation for two weeks.	我最好的朋友萨莉比我大了一年，她和两个年轻的姐妹住在我们的房子后面，但他们度假了两周。	1
My best nights are Wednesday and Thursday evenings.	我最好的夜晚是星期三和星期四的晚上。	1
My big focus is on keeping sugar out and eating nearly all organic food.	我的重点是保持糖的不含糖，并几乎吃所有有机食品。	2
My chest hurt and I touched my heart and felt blood, oh yea I just stabbed myself remember?	我的胸部受伤了，我摸了我的心，感到了血，噢，我只是刺伤自己，还记得吗？	2
My client is looking for an experienced Networks and Security Manager to be responsible for the smooth running and integrity of all of their Networks.	我的客户正在寻找一位经验丰富的网络和安全经理来负责其所有网络的平稳运行和完整性。	1
My comfort zone goes from my nose to the nearest printed page, and going any further affords daily scope for courage.	我的舒适区从鼻子到最近的印刷页，再走下去，每天都有勇气。	2
My concern is that it is that the thinner dildo is maybe so thin that some condoms could slide off.	我担心的是，稀释剂可能太薄，以至于一些避孕套可能会滑脱。	1
MYCO Suite is definitely an app to keep your business in order and to cover all bases.	Myco Suite 绝对是一款能让您的业务井然有序并覆盖所有基础的应用程序。	1
My cousin is a marine biologist and she said that Portugal is the country with the most diverse shark population.	我的表弟是一名海洋生物学家，她说葡萄牙是鲨鱼数量最多的国家。	1
My cue to go back on the offensive.	我的提示是，回到进攻的状态。	2
My dad has a new fiance that I really dislike because she steals from me and shes jealous of me and my sister.	我父亲有一种新的狂热，我真的不喜欢，因为她从我身上偷了东西，并对我和我姐姐嫉妒。	1
My dad loved her with every fiber in his being.	我爸爸爱她，他的每一个纤维都在他的生活中。	2
My dad saw the prototype when he was in Detroit a few years ago since a school friend of his worked at chrysler and was in that dpt for a while.	几年前，我爸爸在底特律看过这个原型，因为他的一个学校朋友在克莱斯勒工作，在 DPT 工作了一段时间。	1
My dad shared his scotch with her every evening.	我爸爸每天晚上都和她分享他的苏格兰威士忌。	0
My daughter has had something equivalent since she was 7, my son since he was 9.	我的女儿 7 岁以后就有了同样的东西，我的儿子 9 岁以后就有了同样的东西。	1
My daughter was still very ill and now I have no job with no medical insurance and many bills.	我的女儿仍然很病，现在我没有工作，没有医疗保险和很多账单。	2
My daylilies and hostas are growing like gangbusters.	我的白日人和房东像黑帮一样成长。	2
My decision is make on this one now.	我现在就决定这一个。	1
My energy is being passed on to the table.	我的能量正被传递到桌面上。	0
My entire adventure would never have happened if I just ran for it.	如果我只是为了这场冒险而跑，我的整个冒险就永远不会发生。	1
My erosions always happened upon awakening in the night.	我的情食总是在晚上醒来时发生。	2
My extensive internet lookup has now been rewarded with professional facts and techniques to exchange with my relatives.	我广泛的互联网搜索现在已经获得了专业事实和技巧的奖励，与我的亲属交流。	2
My extra bottle of Saki falling out of my kunai pouch.	我的额外一瓶萨基从我的库奈邮袋中掉下来。	0
My eyebrows mimicked her own as they scrunched together in confusion.	我的眉毛模仿她自己的眼睛，因为他们在混乱中一起跳动。	2
My eyes kept drifting to the boy sleeping on the other side of the room.	我的眼睛一直在飘向睡在房间另一边的那个男孩。	0
My eyes rested on my now half empty closet, and then I looked under my bed for my suit case and notice that was also missing.	我的眼睛躺在我现在的半空衣橱上，然后我在我的床上看着我的西装，发现也没有了。	2
My eyes tried to close themselves as my body started to go limp.	当我的身体开始跛行时，我的眼睛试图闭合自己。	2
My family and I will do what you need to help stop this name change!	我和我的家人会做你需要的事来帮助阻止这个名字的改变！	2
My family found me when I was small..	我的家人在我小的时候找到了我。。。	0
My family is being treated in the upcoming months to a stay at the Castle Rock Resort and Waterpark in exchange with sharing about the resort with my readers.	我的家人在接下来的几个月里在城堡岩度假村和水上乐园受到了款待，交换条件是与我的读者分享这个度假村。	1
My father has been up all of last night working you see so he is trying to catch up on a few of his winks.	我的父亲在昨晚工作了一夜，所以他正试图抓住他的几个机会。	1
My father just had knee replacement surgery so I wanted front seats with more leg room.	我父亲刚刚做了膝关节置换手术，所以我想要前排座位有更多的腿部空间。	0
My father taught us that it says in the Talmud that one may not eat his own breakfast until he gave food to his animals that depend upon him (Berachos 40a).	我父亲告诉我们，在《塔尔姆德》中，人们不能吃自己的早餐，除非他给依靠他的动物吃东西（ Berachos 40a ）。	1
My fault for loving him, for jumping off the damn cliff, for not being able to get to him in time.	我爱他的错，因为他跳下了死崖，不能及时到他身边。	2
My favorite Martial Artist in the whole wide world..	我在全世界最喜欢的武术艺术家	1
My favorite read so far is The Long, Long Sleep by Anna Sheehan and I'm giving it away in my Armchair BEA post today!	迄今为止我最喜欢的是安娜 · 谢汉的长时间睡眠，今天我在我的扶手椅 BEA 帖子中把它给了！	2
My first ever away match and i had a 100% record :) I can even remember that boy i played.	我第一次离场比赛，我创下了 100% 的纪录 :) 我甚至还记得我打过的那个男孩。	1
My first experience at a spa was with Kim, I had previously been to beauty therapists at their homes but never a spa.	我第一次做水疗是和 Kim 一起做的，我以前曾在家里做过美容理疗师，但从未做过水疗。	2
My first experience with energy healing was actually not with Reiki, but with Pranic Healing.	我的第一次能量愈合经验实际上不是与 Reiki ，而是与 Pranic Healing 。	1
My friend had one so bad it looked like someone had cut his throat and he had to go on antibiotics for ages.	我的朋友有一个很糟糕的地方，看起来好像有人割断了喉咙，他不得不使用抗生素了很久。	2
My friend, i have no time or energy to change your solidified and cemented convictions.	我的朋友，我没有时间或精力来改变你坚定和坚定的信念。	1
My friends have also been wonderful, sending all sorts of well wishes!!	我的朋友也很棒，给了我们各种各样的祝福！！	0
My goal for the center was to have it be an activity center in which the student could do independently with out the teachers help.	我的目标是让这个中心成为一个活动中心，学生可以在教师的帮助下独立工作。	0
My Grandad was already in the TA but only in an academic job, working in a library i believe.	我的爷爷已经在过旅游顾问，但只是在学术工作，我相信在图书馆工作。	2
My grandpa immigrated in 1953 and came to work at a farm in New Jersey to support his children.	我的爷爷是 1953 年移民的，到新泽西的一个农场工作来抚养他的孩子。	1
My grand son loves dinosaurs so I will have to try that with the dinosaurs theme.	我的孙子喜欢恐龙，所以我必须尝试恐龙主题。	1
My group stayed in small lodges that were interspersed amid a maze of small winding paths that jotted through the lush, tropical rain forest.	我的团队住在一个小旅馆里，这些小屋被迷宫般的蜿蜒小路所包围，这些小路蜿蜒穿过郁郁葱葱的热带雨林。	1
My heartbeat sped up from the uncomfortable closeness, and I realized I had been holding my breath.	我的心跳从不舒适的近距离中加速了，我意识到我一直在屏气。	2
My husband and I have been traveling for many years and have developed a little travel savy along the way.	我和我的丈夫已经旅行了很多年了，并且在旅途中发展了一个小小的旅行。	1
My husband darts out of his side of the car to help me exit the vehicle.	我的丈夫从车的一侧飞出来帮助我下车。	1
My intention doing these activities is to spread the knowledge and thoughts across the globe.	我开展这些活动的目的是在全球传播知识和思想。	1
My job got busier and busier, my work hours bordering on obscene when the hospital decided to downsize its staff and make us work longer hours for the same pay.	我的工作越来越忙，我的工作时间就像一个淫秽的时刻，因为医院决定缩减员工，让我们以同样的工资工作更长时间。	2
My job requires me to view several websites as I prepare for my day ahead tabbed browsing is a real timesaver.	我的工作要求我在为未来一天做准备时查看多个网站… 选项卡式浏览是一个真正的节省时间的工具。	1
My lease is a little shorter than yours, but gives me much more control of the situation.	我的租约比你的要短一些，但我可以更好地控制局势。	0
My least favorite thing is drawing pictures because they are so difficult to draw.	我最不喜欢的是画图，因为画太难画了。	0
My left leg would give out like three or four times a day.	我的左腿会每天放三到四次。	2
My legs were shoved up against my chest.	我的双腿被推倒在我的胸部。	2
My life had been a quiet one up until the time I met my first vampire.	直到我遇到第一个吸血鬼时，我的生活一直是一个安静的生活。	1
My limited time with him has fueled a desire to hear from those who knew him, or perhaps knew about him and his experiences.	我与他在一起的时间有限，这促使人们渴望听到那些认识他，或者也许知道他和他的经历的人的心声。	2
My mom fell in love with me as soon as she saw me and she said I reminded her of Garth Milo, her Black Labrador Retriever and he is her inspiration for me!	我妈妈一看到我就爱上了我，她说我让她想起了她的黑拉夫拉普斯 · 巴斯特，他是她对我的灵感！	2
My mom raised me with every fiber of her being and wanted to provide a good life for me, which is I suppose why she moved away from the night life.	我妈妈用她的每一个纤维来抚养我，想为我提供一个美好的生活，这就是我想她为什么离开夜生活。	2
My name is Alec and I am working with Flippo, a new startup at the University of Pittsburgh.	我叫 Alec ，我正在与匹兹堡大学的新创公司 Flippo 合作。	0
My name is Julie and I enjoy camping and being outdoors.	我叫 Julie ，我喜欢露营和户外活动。	0
My oldest brother started to play, too, and the first years we took him the ponies with mom and Luly.	我最年长的哥哥也开始玩耍，在第一年，我们和妈妈和 Luly 带着他的小马。	1
My only disappointment is that this is our last climbing ride of the year.	我唯一的失望是这是我们今年最后一次的登山之旅。	0
My only problem with this was that I needed a clean fork as I had used my other two for app and my 3 leaves of a dish of salad.	我唯一的问题是，我需要一个干净的叉子，因为我用了另外两个用于 APP ，我的三叶沙拉。	2
My opponents downgrade these clear implications by creating an artificial distinction.	我的对手通过制造人为的区别来降低这些明显的影响。	1
My partner and I have found that if I am overly wet, and I usually am in the middle of play, or if we use lubricant, this vibrator because a little too slippery to handle well.	我和我的搭档发现，如果我过于潮湿，而且我通常在比赛中，或者如果我们使用润滑剂，这种振动器是因为有点滑，不能很好地处理。	2
My penis grew stiff and in seconds it was dripping come.	我的阴茎变硬了，几秒钟就开始滴落了。	2
My perfect beautiful wine that I left the Wine Shop with hours ago was now a sticky leaky mess.	几个小时前我离开葡萄酒商店时，我喝到了一杯美酒，现在这是一个黏糊糊糊糊糊糊糊糊糊糊糊的混乱。	2
My plan is to post a couple of pages over the course of the week as well as a new update over the weekend.	我的计划是在一周内发布几页，并在周末发布新的更新。	1
My prayer for you today is that you be sincere before God and authentic with all others.	我今天为你祈祷的是，你在神面前是真诚的，对所有其他人都是真诚的。	1
My problem with constant linking to such articles is that we might be giving a disproportionate voice to these fringes, and risk being labelled loonies by the mainstream.	我一直与这些文章联系在一起的问题是，我们可能给这些边缘的人以不成比例的声音，并且有可能被主流人贴上 " 小讽刺 " 的标签。	2
My purpose was to let those departments that get the deals know how many of us dont get the faid treatment.	我的目的是让那些得到交易的部门知道我们有多少人没有得到救护。	2
My question is... do I need to go as far as cleaning all of my carpets, bleaching the walls and throwing away my cat trees?	我的问题是 ... 我是否需要清洁我的地毯，漂白墙壁和扔掉我的猫树？	1
My rather weak relationship with my dad could have driven him to a meltdown.	我与爸爸的关系比较弱，可能会使他陷入崩溃。	1
My reading experience has showed me that paxil and effexor are the hardest to stop.	我的阅读经验告诉我， paxil 和 effexor 是最难阻止的。	0
My research focuses on improving understanding of the physical demands of rugby union, testing interventions that can improve performance and determining the injury risk across a range of levels of the game.	我的研究侧重于提高对橄榄球联盟的身体需求的理解，测试能够提高性能的干预措施，并确定各种级别的比赛中的受伤风险。	0
My research is directed to synthetic organic methodology using metals and organoboranes.	我的研究针对的是使用金属和有机亚烷的合成有机方法。	0
My research revealed that the Jews viewed sports as pagan.	我的研究表明，犹太人将体育视为异教徒。	2
My role model and ideal figure would have to be Kristen Stewart.	我的榜样和理想人物必须是 Kristen Stewart 。	0
Myself, I think you might be dragging out the tale by generating new threads.	我自己，我认为你可能会通过生成新线程来拖出这个故事。	2
My seniors are advising me that not to create 150 columns for a...	我的老年人建议我不要为 ... 创建 150 列	2
My sister and I are left trying to help them but grieving the loss of our dear brother and break of our family.	我和我的姐姐一直在努力帮助他们，但却对我们亲爱的兄弟的损失和我们家庭的破裂感到悲痛。	1
My sister in low had first miscarriage and after she had course of follic acid before getting pregnant again.	我的妹妹第一次流产，她在再次怀孕前已经有了卵泡酸。	1
My sister redrew the pictures of the peg boards for me to use in training seminars and for explaining the difference between special, integrated and inclusive education.	我姐姐重新画了钉板的照片，供我在培训研讨会上使用，并解释特殊，综合和包容性教育之间的区别。	2
My son was not big on making a big scene in stores, but it was nice not to have to run my shopping cart past a display of temptation for him.	我的儿子在商店里大展不大，但很高兴不需要跑过我的购物车，因为他的诱惑很受人的诱惑。	2
My stress levels dropped as if every work day was a Saturday.	我的压力水平下降了，就像每个工作日都是周六一样。	1
My tastes started to broaden into all sorts of music.	我的口味开始扩大到各种类型的音乐。	0
My tense shoulders slackened, relaxing visibly when the man only made a small cut on his hands.	我紧张的肩膀放松了，当那个人只对他的双手进行了小切时，我的肩膀明显地放松了。	1
My thoughts on how to get her attention is to write emails and letters.	我对如何引起她的注意的想法是写电子邮件和信件。	1
My two statements are intended to specify that I'm potentially looking for two options, if people can provide two viable solutions.	我的两项陈述旨在说明如果人们能够提供两个可行的解决方案，我可能会寻找两个选项。	1
My usual dining companion was out of commission, and I thought it would be interesting to invite a partner who typically avoids spicy food.	我通常的同餐伙伴不在佣金中，我认为邀请一个通常避免吃辣味食物的伙伴会很有趣。	2
My vampires can read minds without sharing their blood.	我的虚拟化者可以在不分享血液的情况下读懂脑子。	2
My version is much the same, and is really easy to build yourself.	我的版本是完全相同的，而且很容易建立自己。	1
My very own lady is often waiting for the idea techniques.	我自己的夫人经常在等待创意技巧。	2
My view of the future clearly supports strengthening state and local government.	我对未来的看法显然支持加强国家和地方政府。	1
My wife and I would stay at the Cimmaron Inn again, if we had to.	我和我的妻子如果我们有需要，还会住在 Cimmaron Inn 。	1
My wife thinks I am a fanatic and very strange and she keeps record of all the money I have spent on fish.	我的妻子认为我是一个狂热的，非常奇怪，她记录了我在鱼上花费的所有钱。	1
Myxogastria are predatory and feed off bacteria and organic matter.	Myxogastria 是食肉性的，是细菌和有机物的饲料。	1
Nabiki says nothing, simply waiting as she tries to figure out the situation.	Nabiki 什么也不说，只是等着她去弄清楚情况。	1
Nail Extensions are either sculpted or applied over the top of a false plastic tip, that adheres to the nail to make it last longer.	指甲延伸部分是在假塑料尖端的顶部进行雕刻或应用，并与指甲粘附以延长其使用寿命。	2
Nakanwagi enumerated that for a SACCO to qualify for funding it should be registered with at least a manager, loans officer and an elected executive committee.	Nakanwagi 指出，要使 SACCO 有资格获得资金，至少应向一名经理，贷款官员和一个民选执行委员会登记。	1
Naminé felt like her body was heavy and her vision slipping out of focus before fixing itself.	Namin é 感觉自己的身体很重，她的视力在固定前脱离了焦点。	1
Naming a district facility is an important matter that deserves thoughtful attention.	命名地区设施是一件值得深思的重要事情。	1
Nancy hosts one of the best meet ups in town!	Nancy 是镇上最棒的聚会之一！	2
Naru did as she was asked and she found on the slab of concrete was a shiny plaque that said '59 Volts'.	纳鲁在被问及时就这样做了，她在混凝土板上发现了一个光亮的斑块，上面写着“ 59 伏”。	2
Naruto finished his food before his father did.	纳鲁托在他父亲之前吃完了饭。	0
Naruto had been watching her with a mixture of boredom and amusement up until she shrieked.	纳鲁托一直在看着她，在她尖叫之前，她既厌倦又充满乐趣。	2
Naruto immediately rushed inside and found Suikyou kneel on the ground while coughing heavily.	纳鲁托立即冲进去，在猛烈咳嗽的同时，发现苏克鲁跪在地上。	2
Naruto lifted her up so she was lying in his lap.	纳鲁托抬起她，躺在他的膝盖上。	2
Naruto sat in his dank cell in the bowels of the Akatsuki hide out.	纳鲁托坐在阿卡图苏基藏着的肠里，坐在他的牢房里。	2
Naruto was sleeping soundly in his bed until he felt a small tugging sensation at his brain.	纳鲁托在床上睡得很好，直到他的大脑有一种小小的拥抱感。	2
NASA hopes to gain new insights in trapping carbon dioxide and other resources which can be used to produce oxygen or be used as a fuel source.	美国航天局希望在捕获二氧化碳和其他可用于产生氧气或用作燃料的资源方面获得新的见解。	1
Nasum Worst Case Scenario mp3 song from Helvete album is highlighted by orange color at the tracks list.	来自 Helvete 专辑的 Nasum 最坏情况场景 MP3 歌曲在曲目列表中以橙色突出显示。	2
Nataku jumped at Daemian but right when he swung down he was gone.	纳塔库在大显安跳了起来，但当他下弯时，他就走了。	1
Natalie was surprisingly happy when she woke up the next day.	娜塔莉在第二天醒来时感到非常高兴。	0
Nathan Deal and state Attorney General Sam Olens praised the ruling and said Georgia will continue to work to have the whole law declared unconstitutional.	内森 · 多尔特和州总检察长萨姆 · 奥利斯对这一裁决表示赞赏，并表示格鲁吉亚将继续努力，宣布整个法律违宪。	2
Nathan, his bandanna lowered over his eyes slowly chewing his lower lip in his sleep.	内森，他的绷带在他的眼睛上慢慢地嚼着他的下唇。	2
Native Son Essay Richard Wright s novel entitled Native Son is a very ironic title for the general concept given throughout the course of the novel.	“原住民儿子”伊斯赛 · 理查德 · 赖特的小说《原住民儿子》是一个非常具有讽刺意味的标题，在小说的整个过程中，这一总概念都被赋予了。	1
Native speakers of En- glish may feel puzzled and frustrated at the refusal of their compliment.	母语为母语的人可能会对他们拒绝赞美感到困惑和沮丧。	2
NATO officers say the heavily populated Sangin Valley to the north of Lashkar Gah is effectively controlled by the Taliban.	北约官员说，拉什卡尔加以北人口稠密的桑金谷实际上由塔利班控制。	0
Natracare is Certified organic by the Soil Association and proudly carries their logo.	Natracare 是土壤协会认证的有机产品，并自豪地带有其标志。	1
Natsu continued playing with her hair, trying to come up with the perfect explination for her.	娜图继续用头发玩，试图为她提出完美的解释。	2
Natsu hissed angrily and he lit the flames on his hands.	娜特苏愤怒地怒气冲，把火焰点燃在他的手上。	2
Natsuki remembered that as soon as she could leave her nursery, she wanted to move near her brothers.	Natsuki 回忆说，她一离开托儿所，就想搬到她的兄弟附近去。	1
Natsuki then leaned down and kissing Shizuru on the forehead.	那祖基接着就在前额上靠吻了示祖鲁。	2
Naturally in a few cases, where the trade is already in profit, it is actually possible to decrease the risk to 0.	当然，在少数情况下，如果贸易已经盈利，实际上可以将风险降低到 0 。	0
Naturally, people with less powerful rigs will have to scale down the graphical details which will considerably lessen the moody, visual impact that IO was going for.	当然，钻机功率较低的人必须缩小图形细节，这将大大减少 IO 所要产生的令人不满的视觉影响。	2
Natural skincare products can help to counteract the adverse reactions of pollution and the ageing process on your skin.	天然护肤产品有助于抵消污染和老化过程对皮肤的不良反应。	1
NB: This grant cannot be used to fund retrospectively Who is eligible for the Out of Schools General Sure Start Grant ?	注：这笔补助不能用于追溯性地资助哪些人有资格获得 " 学校外一般性启动补助金 " ？	2
NCSU would be better served to go with Glennon and take their lumps as Wilson ought to concentrate on baseball.	NCSU 最好与格伦农一起去，带上他们的腰子，因为威尔逊应该专注于棒球。	2
Ndot is one of the leading ecommerce product developer in the world.	Ndot 是全球领先的电子商务产品开发商之一。	0
Neal almost choked on his pizza, his eyes wide with disbelief and something akin to panic.	Neal 几乎在披萨上唱了歌，他的眼睛看着很不相信，有些东西像是恐慌。	2
Nearby is the gastronomic town of Sagres with its fresh fish restaurants and Cape St. Vincente with its picturesque lighthouse.	附近是 Sagres 美食城，那里有新鲜的鱼餐厅，还有 Cape St. Vincente 和风景如画的灯塔。	0
Near had a feeling that this one was only kept around because the simplicity and repetition in the background made it more difficult to solve.	Near 有一种感觉，认为这一问题只是因为背景中的简单和重复使得问题更难解决。	1
Near the river was located the silt strider port, where the giant insects rested and dropped of their passengers from other inland towns.	河的附近是一个青贮码头，巨大的昆虫在那里休息，并从其他内陆城镇的乘客下车。	2
Neat bits of cleverness you add to your work.	您在工作中添加了简洁的小细节。	1
Necessary modifications may be made without prior notice.	必要的修改可以在事先通知的情况下进行。	2
NEC was responsible in appointing members for each sector under the responsibility of the Secretary General.	全国选举委员会负责任命秘书长负责的每个部门的成员。	2
Needless to say I left that office as fast as I could.	不用说，我尽可能快地离开了那个办公室。	0
Needless to say, such actions are not considered acceptable in the military during a time of open conflict.	不用说，在公开冲突期间，军方认为这种行动是不可接受的。	0
Need to come up with a sure fire procedure.	需要制定一个可靠的消防程序。	0
Need to replace a burned out tail light?	需要更换烧坏的尾灯？	0
NEGATIVES - as Dundalk is the 1st and only all weather track, my problem is that a large majority of the irish horses have not tasted the all weather -will they give their running?	缺点—— Dundalk 是第一条也是唯一一条全天候赛道，我的问题是大部分爱尔兰马没有在所有天气都吃过——他们会不会让他们跑呢？	2
Neglecting to put on any protective equipment often ends up in critical incidents towards physique.	忽视任何防护装备往往会导致出现严重的生理事故。	0
Neglect of Duty: This is a broad category that encompasses alleged behaviour that a member failed to or refused to perform a duty or provide an expected service.	疏忽职守：这是一个广义的类别，包括成员未能或拒绝履行职责或提供预期服务的行为。	1
Negotiation The process of discussion with a view to mutual settlement usually by the means of a conference.	谈判讨论进程，以便通常通过会议的方式达成相互解决。	1
Neither data nor words are the things they describe.	数据和语言都不是他们所描述的。	1
Neither do we believe that they should absorb all the flack for unsuccessful ones.	我们也不认为他们应该吸收所有失败的攻击。	2
Neither of them liked the idea of sharing the land anymore, they decided to fight for rule of it.	他们都不喜欢分享土地的想法，他们决定为治理土地而斗争。	2
Neither of the two people involved were harassing each other because they were too busy having sex and they did not plan on dating each other after they were finished.	这两个人都没有因为太忙的性行为而相互骚扰，而且他们也没有计划在结束后相互约会。	2
Neither of us were that passionate about it though.	但我们都没有对这一问题的热情。	0
Neither one has it right, and to tell the truth, nobody will until we stop spreading our federal goverment too thin and using it as an excuse to make conservative rich americans feel safer in their homes.	谁也不对，要说出真相，谁也不会停止把我们的联邦政府扩大到太薄，把它作为借口，让保守的富有的美国人在自己的家里感到更加安全。	2
Neji quickly got out of the furniture and apologized.	Neji 很快就从家具上走了出来，并道歉了。	2
Nesbit slammed a card into play, and the machinery around the field began to whir to life once again.	内斯比特将一张牌摔在了场上，场上的机器又重新开始了生命。	2
Nest building The net effect of pig exclusion on the understory vegetation at Pasoh Forest Reserve was considerable.	Nest building the net effect of pig exclusion on the understory vegetation at Pasoh Forest Reserve was considered.	2
Neuromuscular blockers do not relieve pain or produce sedation.	神经肌肉阻滞剂不能缓解疼痛或产生镇静。	1
Never again to have to think about Gary Condit or Britney Spears!	再也不会考虑 Gary Condit 或 Britney Spears 了！	0
Never had I had perceptual experiences in which the only difference between my visions and my everyday world was the speed with which my visions ended.	我从未有过这样的感知经历：我的愿景和日常生活之间的唯一区别是我的愿景结束的速度。	1
Never lose another lesson plan again, and always be prepared for your next class.	再也不会丢失另一个课程计划，并始终为下一课做好准备。	1
Never take advice against your dreams from someone who is not pursuing their own.	切勿从不追求自己的人那里获得反对您梦想的建议。	1
Nevertheless by selecting the right types of foods you will find that you will be able to help to lessen the amount of anxiety you have every day.	尽管如此，通过选择正确的食物类型，您将发现您能够帮助减少每天的焦虑。	0
Nevertheless, even though organizations like the American Psychological Association and the International Association of the Psychology of Religion try to gain attention for this important subject, there is still a lack of extensive research concerning this topic.	尽管如此，尽管美国心理协会和国际宗教心理学协会等组织试图在这一重要问题上引起关注，但对这一问题仍缺乏广泛的研究。	1
Nevertheless, other organisations may fulfil these roles too, depending on the specific setup in a given market.	然而，其他组织也可能履行这些职责，这取决于特定市场的具体设置。	0
Nevertheless, this does not always work well at all many websites that have superior content, simply do not attract tweets or Likes, simply due to the nature of their content.	尽管如此，这并不总是奏效——许多网站都有着卓越的内容，仅仅是因为内容的性质，根本不能吸引推文或喜欢的内容。	1
Neville went to sit on the floor next to Harry.	涅维尔坐在哈利旁边的地板上。	0
New babies are not able to control their body temperature Babies like to be warm but over heating a baby can be dangerous.	新婴儿无法控制体温，婴儿不能像温水一样温水，但婴儿过热可能是危险的。	2
New cabinets with granite countertops and ceramic sink undermount.	新的橱柜配有花岗岩台面和陶瓷水槽底座。	0
Newegg is probably the best site you can buy computer parts from.	Newegg 可能是您购买计算机部件的最佳地点。	1
Newell replied that it can be counterproductive and reduces efficiency.	Newell 回答说，这样做可能会适得其反，并会降低效率。	0
New farmers and the next generation of farmers cannot succeed without fair competition and fair business practices.	没有公平竞争和公平的商业做法，新农民和下一代农民就不可能取得成功。	0
Newly elected Commissioner and now Vice Mayor Bryan Beasley immediately was in favor of voting on the resolution, without questioning it.	新当选的专员和现任副市长布莱恩 · 比斯利立即赞成对该决议进行表决，而不对其提出质疑。	1
New Marketing Poll Tomorrow What Social Media Means to Your Camp How to Promote Your Camp with Photos on Flickr Are You Marketing Your Camp to Grandparents?	明天的新营销投票社交媒体对您的训练营意味着什么如何在 Flickr 上使用照片宣传您的训练营您是否向祖父母推广您的训练营？	1
Newmarket Race course in the summer also gets quite big names.	夏天的纽马基特赛马场也有很多名号。	1
New orthotics may not be necessary, but I'd still like you to come in for a visit so we can make sure you have the best correction and support available.	新的矫正器可能不是必要的，但我仍然希望你来参观，这样我们就可以确保你得到最好的矫正和支持。	1
New program launches over the last several quarters have largely insulated Polydesign from the worst of the market conditions in Europe and its sales and earnings are holding up surprisingly well.	过去几个季度推出的新计划在很大程度上将 Polydesign 与欧洲最恶劣的市场条件隔离开来，其销售和收益惊人地保持良好。	1
New Scientist Magazine is essential reading if you really want to get behind the headlines of science.	如果你真的想成为科学的头条新闻的幕后人物，新科学家杂志是必不可少的阅读。	1
Newspapers have reported how he transferred police officers who were investigating the case when he realised they would not play by his rules.	报纸报道说，当他意识到警察不会按照自己的规则行事时，他是如何调派正在调查此案的警察的。	0
New windows seem to break concentration quite effectively.	新的窗口似乎很有效地打破了注意力集中。	1
New York lost huge amounts of tax revenue because of the Wall Street collapse.	由于华尔街崩溃，纽约的税收损失巨大。	0
New York state senator Carl Kruger files a complaint with the state attorney general.....	纽约州参议员卡尔 · 克鲁格向州检察长提出了申诉 .....	0
Next click on the point tool on the toolbar and place a point on the segment you drew.	接下来单击工具栏上的点工具，并在您绘制的线段上放置一个点。	1
Next job on my list is scanning up the requests and prizes I owe people!	我名单上的下一项工作是扫描我欠他人的请求和奖品！	2
Next she had a vision of Lanie and Javi in the bathroom.	接下来，她在浴室里看到了兰尼和贾维的景象。	2
Next time I do a lesson with manipulatives I will count them out prior to beginning the lesson so that I can hand them out quickly.	下一次我用操纵者课我会在开始课前把它们计算出来，这样我就可以迅速把它们分发出去。	2
Next up for the group Hearts for Lushoto is hosting a Taste of Drayton Valley on Canada Day and hopes to see ongoing support from the community.	接下来， Lushoto 的团体之心（ Hearts for Lushoto ）将在加拿大日举办德雷顿河谷（ Drayton Valley ）之旅，并希望社区不断提供支持。	1
Next When is bedwetting or bladder control a problem?	接下来，何时出现了床单和膀胱控制问题？	2
Nice morning ride to warm up then core work.	很棒的晨间骑行，让你在核心工作之前热身。	1
Nice to use for something short and sweet.	很适合短时间和甜点。	2
Nicholls should be able to go out and beat almost any other rider on a regular basis, in the manner that greats like Hans Nielsen, Ole Olsen, Ivan Mauger and Collins did.	尼科尔斯应该能够像汉斯 · 尼尔森，奥勒 · 奥尔森，伊万 · 马龙和柯林斯这样的人那样，定期出去并击败几乎任何其他骑手。	1
NICNAS will conduct the other elements of the risk assessment and make recommendations on safe use of the chemical in Australia.	NICNAS 将进行风险评估的其他要素，并就澳大利亚安全使用该化学品提出建议。	1
Nine months later Chase married Nancy Joy, the widow of Matthew Joy who was the first of the Essex survivors to die.	9 个月后，大通与马修 · 乔伊的遗孀南希 · 乔伊结婚，他是埃塞克斯幸存者中第一个死亡的人。	2
Nkugwa planted one quarter of the remaining bag which yielded one and a half bags of grain at the end of the season.	Nkugwa 种植了剩余袋的四分之一，在季末收获了一袋半的谷物。	1
Noah and Sam have been so good to me since me break up with Finn.	自从我与芬恩决裂以来，诺阿和萨姆对我一直很好。	0
No amount of money can ever replace originality.	任何钱都不能取代独创性。	1
No amount of shaking however could cause Legolas to stir, and Aragorn sat back, his burst of energy exhausted.	但是，没有任何程度的摇晃会导致乐高拉斯的轰动，而阿拉戈恩坐了回来，他那暴烈的能量耗尽了。	2
No amount of testing can duplicate the wear and tear inflicted by a neglectful owner.	任何程度的测试都不能与疏忽所有者造成的磨损重复。	2
Noble Faith Man picked a large silver horse with extra power and superb adventure and tracking skills.	高尚信仰的人选择了一匹具有额外力量和精湛的冒险和追踪技巧的大银马。	1
Nobody did so he nudged the Corporal in the side who started to laugh with him, taking a hint.	没有人这样做，他就把那位刚开始和他笑的下士打了个小字。	2
Nobody loves everybody and we have the right to express and vocalize our hate, or so I thought.	没有人爱每个人，我们有权表达和表达我们的仇恨，或者我想这样做。	2
Nobody would fire me, and I would not need to feel any stress from my boss.	没有人会解雇我，我也不需要感觉到老板的压力。	1
Nobody would have ever predicted the day that we saw them turn on each other.	谁也不会预测我们看到他们彼此相接的那一天。	1
No cars will be allowed to return to their pits after being scaled.	任何车辆在被调整后都不能返回维修站。	1
No changes have been made to this provision in the final rule and the provision continues to be a performance standard rather than a specific design standard.	最后规则中没有对这一规定作任何改动，而这一规定仍然是一项业绩标准，而不是一项具体的设计标准。	0
No comments yet Miniature Artwork India will be the terrain of traditions and lifestyle.	没有任何评论，微型艺术品印度将是传统和生活方式的地形。	1
No countermeasures of any significance had been developed to stop them.	没有制定任何重要的反措施来制止这种情况。	1
No Deaf person has ever finished high school.	没有聋人完成高中学业。	2
No doubt the calcium in coral was an excellent tonic for pregnant and nursing women!	毫无疑问，珊瑚中的钙对孕妇和哺乳期妇女来说是一种极好的补水！	1
No events that will be conducting within your home premises.	在您的住宅内不会发生任何事件。	1
No fish from the market today so the troops are away home early so fingers crossed for fish in the markets on Wednesday morning.	今天市场上没有鱼，所以部队早早就离开家，所以周三早上，手指在市场上横穿鱼。	2
No funding has been available for public outreach and education efforts directly related to the Pilot Program.	没有资金用于与试点方案直接相关的公共外联和教育工作。	0
No further payments are required following the breakdown and subsequent repair of a registered item of equipment.	注册设备的故障和随后维修后，无需再支付任何款项。	1
Nogi adopted a different attitude and method from Kabayama Sugenori and Katsura Tarō to suppress the rebellions.	Nogi Tarō 了与 Kabayama Sugenori 和 Katsura L ó n 不同的态度和方法来镇压叛乱。	2
No he is stupid to cancel the debate with a condition that the bailout goes through.	不是，如果他以拯救的条件取消辩论，他是愚蠢的。	2
No, I may not have agreed with the choices of the characters but it is fiction and again it kept me on my toes.	不，我可能不同意这些人物的选择，但这是虚构的，再次让我保持警惕。	0
No issue arises in relation to those provisions and they have always been part of the principal rules.	这些规定没有引起任何问题，它们一直是主要规则的一部分。	1
No jobs would be created if money saved from alcohol expenditure disappeared into thin air – an unlikely event, fortunately.	如果从酒精支出中节省的资金消失在稀薄的空气中，就不会创造就业机会—幸运的是，这是一个不太可能发生的事件。	1
No longer was he the rat who played games with his friends and made merriment to those who wished it or not.	他不再是与朋友玩游戏，向那些希望或不希望的人打的老鼠了。	2
No matter even if we are stabbed we are prone not to guard our backs a week later.	即使我们被刺伤，我们也很容易在一周后不保护我们的背部。	2
No matter how strong you get (and you can get extremely strong), there is at least one enemy out there that poses a threat to you.	无论你有多强（你也能变得非常强），至少有一个敌人在那里对你构成威胁。	1
No matter how you do your shopping now, the new tools that are available online will certainly have an impact.	无论您现在如何购物，在线提供的新工具都将产生一定的影响。	0
No matter what havoc they bring, it is bad for your business and since malware and viruses are swarming in cyberspace, it is only a matter of time before you become a victim.	无论它们带来了什么破坏，都对您的企业有害，而且由于恶意软件和病毒在网络空间中肆虐，因此您成为受害者只是时间问题。	0
No matter what your attitude is towards the fluffy white stuff, the best way to spend a winter in Northern Michigan is to try and enjoy the snow.	无论您对蓬松的白色商品的态度如何，在北密歇根州度过冬季的最佳方式是尝试和享受雪景。	1
No matter whether on the field the control or the storage level.	无论在现场是控制还是存储级别。	1
No matter which program you select, if you plan to do any serious page layout, read a few books on page design basics before you get started.	无论您选择哪个程序，如果您计划执行任何严肃的页面布局，请在开始之前阅读几本关于页面设计基础知识的书籍。	1
No more lighter fluid has to be used and the food turns out fantastic, all you taste is the smoke and whatever seasoning you wish to add.	无需再使用更轻的液体，食物也非常美味，您只能品尝到烟雾和任何您想添加的调味料。	1
No more words are needed to describe the importance of this and every other Death release.	没有必要再用言语来描述这一和每一个其他死亡释放的重要性。	2
None but an eminently praying man is a safe religious teacher.	只有一个虔诚祈祷的人是一个安全的宗教教师。	2
No need to dress in costumes of the characters will perform at the audition, but you can earn points from the audition crew.	无需穿着角色服装即可在试音中表演，但您可以从试音组获得积分。	0
None of the officials could offer help or assistance.	任何官员都不能提供帮助或协助。	0
Nonetheless, always remember in regards to each of the the wireless shapes oftentimes as they quite simply can also add a lot to genital herpes virus treatments start using.	尽管如此，请始终记住每种无线形状，因为它们很简单，也可以为开始使用的生殖器疱疹病毒治疗添加很多内容。	1
Nonetheless, it is said that the beijing taiwan in airwaves is notoriously brutal to ponder general motors as misleadingly as daimlerchrysler from banging autos to toyota.	尽管如此，据说，在电波中的北京台湾，将通用汽车视为戴姆勒克莱斯勒的误导，将汽车撞到丰田汽车上，是一种臭名昭著的残酷。	2
Nonetheless, the most interesting part of this section regarding institutional evaluation refers to the appraisals provided by those surveyed regarding the different points directly related to institutional aspects of the citizen consultation.	尽管如此，本节关于机构评估的最有趣部分是被调查者就与公民协商的体制方面直接相关的不同点所作的评估。	1
Nonimmigrant farmworkers who can demonstrate they have worked 150 hours or three years in agriculture can apply for green cards.	非移民农民工如果能证明自己在农业领域工作了 150 小时或 3 年，就可以申请绿卡。	0
No one had seen Artie crawl around and come up behind him in accelerated speed.	没有人看到阿蒂克在他身边爬过，以加速的速度在他身后站起来。	1
No one is perfect, but Flickr does a great job a great deal of the time for a great number of photographers and people who enjoy photography.	没有人是完美的，但 Flickr 在很多时间里为大量摄影者和喜欢摄影的人做了大量的工作。	1
No one noticed when the bride and groom disappeared.	当新娘和新郎失踪时，无人注意到。	1
No one notices me because I am a scholarship girl.	没有人注意到我，因为我是一个奖学金女孩。	2
No one seemed to notice him until he grabbed another toast and took a bite.	在他抓了另一个吐司并咬了一口之后，似乎没有人注意到他。	2
No one spoke much, not even Beast Boy, who had been awoken by the Titan alarm that had called them to the robbery.	没有人说得太多，甚至连野兽男孩也没说，他们被称为抢劫的泰坦警报惊醒了。	2
No one wants to walk around in the company of an elephant.	没有人愿意和大象一起四处走动。	1
No one was killed in the attack, although the explosion caused damage to ten other nearby buildings.	袭击中没有人被打死，尽管爆炸对附近其他十座建筑物造成了破坏。	2
No one will be discussing any project until relative stability is established in the region.	在该地区建立相对稳定之前，任何人都不会讨论任何项目。	1
No one will ever ever guess that behind that ordinary USB flash drive exterior lies the secret nature of a handy woman.	没有人会猜到，普通 USB 闪存盘的外部背后是一个方便的女人的秘密。	2
No one will replace thier cars with bikes until the city is safer.	在城市变得更加安全之前，任何人都不会用自行车取代他们的汽车。	0
No open windows or doors for the cameraman to film through.	没有打开的窗户或门供摄影师拍摄。	0
No other medical intervention has saved more lives and prevented more disease than vaccination.	没有任何其他医疗干预措施比接种疫苗能挽救更多的生命和预防更多的疾病。	0
No other region of the world has more people living with the disease or has had more people die from it.	世界上没有任何其他地区有更多的人患有这种疾病，也没有更多的人死于这种疾病。	2
No other species comes close in terms of angler interest, tackle industry focus and evoking impassioned angler opinions.	没有其他物种在更激昂的兴趣上接近，处理行业焦点，并唤起对更激昂的意见。	2
No other symptoms but losing windows in the background and losing my OL window every so often.	没有其他症状，但经常丢失背景窗口和丢失我的 OL 窗口。	2
No proof of this has ever been offered.	从未提供过这方面的证据。	0
Nor can schools alone effect the degree of change needed to equalise educational attainment among educationally disadvantaged groups. top 3.	学校本身也不能影响教育条件不利群体实现教育水平平等所需的变革程度。	1
Nor do I expect any hugs and handshakes from those who may have slighted me in any way.	我也不指望那些以任何方式点燃我的人会有任何拥抱和握手。	2
Nor do you have to spend hours scouring the financial pages.	您也不必花几个小时浏览金融网页。	0
No recent activity information is available for mikas01.	没有可用的最近活动信息用于 mikas01 。	1
No resemblance is intended to any person alive or dead.	任何活着或死亡的人都不会有类似的情况。	0
No results could be found matching the exact term prepare for in the thesaurus .	找不到与同义词库中准备的确切术语匹配的结果。	1
Nor is He impressed with the size of our ministries.	他对我们各部的规模也没有留下深刻的印象。	0
Nor is the deadening process confined to the various ways we deny our involvement in the world and what is happening therein.	这一令人死亡的进程也不局限于我们否认我们参与世界和世界正在发生的情况的各种方式。	1
Nor is wanting to remove Hussein from power incompatible with believing that war is a last resort.	也不想让侯赛因脱离权力，不能相信战争是最后的手段。	2
Norlander is a renowned and profitable organisation focused on the development, production and sales of bakery ingredients for the bread and confectionery industry in Sweden.	Norlander 是一家著名且盈利的组织，致力于开发，生产和销售瑞典面包和糖果业的烘焙原料。	1
Normalizing adjustments modify booked costs or revenues to make them representative of the costs the utility is likely to incur in the future period when the rates will be in effect.	调整正常化会修改已登记成本或收入，以使其代表公共事业在利率生效的未来期间可能产生的成本。	2
Normally she would be rude and mean to the new students but now she is being kind and sweet.	通常她会很粗鲁，对新学生很有礼貌，但现在她很善良和甜蜜。	1
Norman was at the doorway, apparently speaking through a mouthful of Doritos.	诺曼正站在门口，显然是通过多里托斯的口语说话。	2
North Carolina pitcher Benton Moss makes a tremendous sliding grab on a popped up bunt attempt in the 5th inning against Virginia.	在与弗吉尼亚队的第 5 局，北卡罗来纳队的投手本顿 · 莫斯（ Benton Moss ）在本垒打中，突然出现了一场蹦极尝试。	2
No sector of the market is up all the time, so your investments should change with the current conditions.	市场的任何部门都不会一直保持上升，因此您的投资应随当前情况而变化。	0
No single activity is automatically ruled out as you age; however, common sense should prevail, and enjoying your basketball game can be accomplished within reason.	随着年龄的增长，任何一项活动都不会自动被排除；但是，常识应该占上风，享受篮球比赛也可以在合理的范围内完成。	1
No such case has been made out in the appeal, excepting the ground of illegal and arbitrary refusal in passing the order.	除了非法和任意拒绝通过命令的理由外，上诉中没有提出任何此类案件。	0
Notable features with this Indy figure are a working gun holster and the fact that his hat is not removable.	印地数字的显著特征是一个工作的枪式皮套以及他的帽子不可拆卸的事实。	1
Not A Boy Band had a healthy run for a year and a half at the swanky Bambuddha Lounge, but the boys have decided to move on.	没有一个男孩乐队在 Swanky Bambuddha 酒廊进行了一年半的健康跑步，但男孩决定继续前进。	2
Not all at once mind you but if you watch the video, it has the whole route in it, you will see a few places where my speed slows down considerably due to the climbs.	不是所有的事情都让你心想，但如果你看视频，它包含了整个路线，你会看到一些地方，我的速度会因为攀登而大大下降。	2
Not all car rental panies check driving records but some do.	并非所有租车公司的所有个人都会检查驾驶记录，但也有一些人会检查驾驶记录。	1
Not all investment options in the list below are available to all ILAS products.	并非以下列表中的所有投资选项都适用于 ILAS 产品。	1
Not all of the information will be valid, this is just my imagination at work.	并非所有的信息都是有效的，这只是我在工作中的想象。	0
Not all RCGA products and services are necessarily available throughout Canada.	并非所有 RCGA 产品和服务都在加拿大各地提供。	0
Not as bright as they were in New York or Fort Worth, but still shining against the black sky.	不如纽约或沃思堡那么明亮，但仍然在黑天空下闪耀。	0
Not as easy as it sounds when you consider that the boys must programme the robot in advance to make these complex movements.	当你认为男孩子必须事先对机器人进行编程以进行这些复杂的运动时，这并不像听起来那么容易。	1
Not daring to turn around to see it she pushed forward, turning down many twists and corridors trying to get back to the entrance.	她不敢转身去看它，向前推，向下转了很多弯路，走廊试图回到入口。	1
NOTE: Any runner who misses the first base to which he is advancing and who is later called out shall be considered as having advanced one base.	注意：任何跑者如果错过了他前进的第一个底座，而后来又被呼出，都应被视为拥有先进的一个底座。	2
Note: I could not find any other Upconvert DVD player that claims this feat of 1080P, so my skepticism is still alive and well.	注：我找不到任何其他声称这一 1080p 壮举的 Upconvert DVD 播放器，因此我的怀疑仍然存在。	1
Notes A drawing of the author appears on page 180 of this article.	注：撰文人的画出现在本文第 180 页。	1
Notes All members and guests will be required to sign a code of conduct and a waiver before using any tools in the space.	注意：所有成员和来宾在使用空间中的任何工具之前，都必须签署行为准则和弃权声明。	1
Note that birth order presents possibilities only for parents.	请注意，出生顺序只为父母提供了可能性。	1
Note that not all VC systems support modifying change comments.	请注意，并非所有 VC 系统都支持修改更改注释。	0
Note that vectors x and X respectively are analogues of vectors ?	请注意，向量 x 和 X 分别是向量的类比？	1
Note The system administrator has responsibility for configuring or creating multicast audio sources.	注意：系统管理员负责配置或创建多播音频源。	2
Note The system will use either Microsoft or IBM not both.	注意：系统将使用 Microsoft 或 IBM ，而不是两者。	1
NOTE: The user is cautioned that changes and modifications made to the equipment without the express written consent of the manufacturer will void this warranty.	注意：用户注意，未经制造商明确书面同意而对设备进行更改和修改将使本保修失效。	0
Note This feature is supported for Proxy Mobile IP flows as well.	注意代理移动 IP 流也支持此功能。	0
Note: To use the papers for access, open your inventory and right click on the document to open the radial menu.	注意：要使用纸张进行访问，请打开您的库存，然后右键单击文档以打开径向菜单。	0
Not everyone likes the taste of cranberry juice but capsules or tablets containing cranberry extract are an alternative.	并不是每个人都喜欢蔓越莓汁的味道，但含有蔓越莓提取物的胶囊或药片是一种替代品。	1
Not everyone takes you back to your house and comes a tad bit late to work.	不是每个人都带你回到你的家，来工作有点晚。	2
Not forgiving ourselves is a symptom that we have not forgiven someone else, although we may be deceiving ourselves through false forgiveness.	不宽恕自己是我们没有宽恕他人的症状，尽管我们可能通过虚假宽恕欺骗自己。	2
No the fleece has to be worth the effort.	不需要花这么多钱。	0
Nothing about this outpouring of patriotism was accidental, a chance convergence by magazine editors thinking the same thoughts at the same time.	这种爱国主义的倾注并不是偶然的，杂志编辑们在同一时间思考同样的想法时，也有可能出现一致。	0
Nothing among all their blunders during the earlier period was more disastrous to them than the regulations compelling the men to cut off their topknots.	在早期，他们的所有失误对他们来说，没有什么比迫使男子切断其顶核的条例更具灾难性。	2
Nothing is impossible but the only thing that will get in your way is a defeatest negative attitude.	没有什么是不可能的，但唯一会妨碍你的是最坏的消极态度。	1
Nothing more was required for murder to qualify as the underlying offense.	谋杀不需要更多的东西，就可以被视为基本罪行。	1
Nothing on the menu was really very palatable; about the only thing I liked was the cold milk in large glasses available as a beverage.	菜单上的任何东西都不是很好吃；我唯一喜欢的是大杯装的冷牛奶作为饮料。	2
Nothing stands out too much, rather all parts work together to establish a sense of unity.	没有什么特别突出的，而是所有部分共同努力，建立一种团结的感觉。	1
Notice he never REALLY replies to anyone with something substantial.	注意到他从未真正回复任何实质性内容的人。	2
Notice how Bush has refrained from going after the previous administration for the economic problems?	注意到布什是如何避免因经济问题而与前一届政府相比？	2
NOTICES (a) Notice of meetings shall be sent to members of the Board at the addresses given by them to the Secretary.	通知 (a) 会议通知应按董事会成员向秘书提供的地址发给董事会成员。	0
Notice that he makes no mention of her features and even her ringlets of hair are referred to unflatteringly as resembling sausages.	请注意，他没有提到她的特点，甚至连她的发环也被毫不散地称为类似香肠。	2
Not knowing much about the Corean war I found it very good, as it seemed to show the chaos and absurdity of war, and a lot of incompetence and malice on all sides.	我不知道太多关于科伦战争的事情，但我发现它非常好，因为它似乎显示了战争的混乱和荒谬，以及各方的许多无能和恶意。	0
Not learning from their own experience in Vietnam.	不是从他们在越南的经验中学习。	1
Not like he needed to put much effort into it with the drugs working effectively.	不像他需要投入大量精力来有效地使用药物。	1
Not long after Frogg finished off the coffee and sat the mug in the sink, the door bell rang, which could only mean one person was behind the door at this time of the morning.	在 Frogg 结束咖啡并将杯子放在水槽中后不久，门铃就响了，这可能意味着在早上的这个时候有一个人在门后。	1
Not much in the world of marketing and pr is very relavent.	在市场营销领域，这并不是什么，而公关是非常的让人放松。	2
Not once did she look back at the male.	她从未回头看过这位男性。	1
Not one of these options sounded at all good to me so I bit the bullet.	这些选项中没有一个听起来对我来说很好，所以我就会咬牙。	2
Not only are they fun, but a hunter can also get some practice in right from home.	他们不仅有趣，猎人也可以在家里做一些练习。	0
Not only has this product sped up our efficiency training, but I now feel even more confident in my dog to be effective in any situation!	这款产品不仅加快了我们的效率培训，而且我现在更有信心在任何情况下都能发挥效力！	1
Not only in our lodge but in all of Santa Maria!	不仅在我们的旅馆里，而且在整个圣玛利亚！	1
Not only is this a great way to network with other techies, but it can also promote the...	这不仅是一种与其他技术人员建立网络的好方法，还可以促进 ...	2
Not only that, but Dish Network has maintained its great values on its services even while implementing the most recent upgrades!	不仅如此，即使在实施最新升级的同时， Dish Network 也保持了其在服务方面的巨大价值！	0
Not only that but our wedding packages, include subsidized accommodation, and a range of menus to suit everyone.	我们的婚礼套餐不仅如此，还包括补贴住宿和一系列适合每个人的菜单。	1
Not really believing it could happen, God amazed us and worked through you with your gift of money.	真不相信会发生这种情况，上帝让我们惊讶，并用你的钱通过你工作。	2
Not really worried about being in pain or just sick because if I still have my mental and at least enough of my physical capacities and I get fed up I'd take care of it myself.	不是真的担心疼痛或只是生病，因为如果我仍然有心理能力，至少有足够的身体能力，我会吃饱的，我会自己去处理。	2
Not recommended for areas accessible to children and pets.	不推荐儿童和宠物可进入的区域。	0
Not sure if shovelling would help too much, seeing the surge of water every few seconds would have tighten the hole up quick smart.	不知道挖土是否会起到太大的作用，每隔几秒钟就会看到水的浪涌，这会使孔快速收紧。	0
Not surprisingly, there were a lot of other students rushing there too.	毫不奇怪，还有很多其他学生也在赶来。	1
Not that I read on this topic frequently, but it has to be one of the most interesting books on the vulva and vagina that I have ever seen.	我并不是经常阅读这个话题，但它必须是我见过的最有趣的关于阴道和阴道的书籍之一。	1
Not to be confused with fellow Candian Dave Thomas mind you.	不要与坎迪恩 · 戴夫 · 托马斯相混淆，请记住你。	2
Not to fail to remember, the Shaman are also able to summon a Fire and Earth Elemental every now and then.	不可忘记的是，祭师也能一次地召唤一个火和地球元素。	1
Not to mention the mud that coated their shoes and the bits of leaves in her hair.	更不用说他们鞋子上的泥土和头发上的树叶。	0
Not to mention the notebooks full of dresses, vests and jackets that I have been sketching long before Project Runwayand Heidi Klum came to town.	更不用说，在 Runwayand Heidi Klum 项目到来之前，我一直在绘制的那套笔记本上都是裙子，背心和夹克。	2
Not when Laura is sick and might need me.	当劳拉生病了，可能需要我的时候，就不会了。	1
Not your typical day at the office, Caledonia Fish Hatchery Manager Alan Mack routinely monitors the height of Spring Creek, critical to the management of the hatchery.	不是您在办公室的典型日子， Caledonia Fish Hatchery 经理 Alan Mack 会定期监控 Spring Creek 的高度，这对孵化场的管理至关重要。	2
November Over the months, our gallery has changed in appearance as more archival information is added and artifacts are donated.	11 月，随着更多档案信息的添加和文物的捐赠，我们的画廊的外观发生了变化。	1
Nowadays it is the biggest and most impressive church in Eratyra.	如今，它是埃拉特拉最大，最令人印象深刻的教堂。	0
Nowadays, many instant message options like Yahoo and MSN provide an option to have voice communication with your friends for free.	如今，许多即时消息选项（如 Yahoo 和 MSN ）都提供了与朋友进行免费语音通信的选项。	0
Nowadays the world web system gives us the greatest deal of variants to make some money.	如今，世界网络系统为我们提供了最大的变体来赚钱。	2
Now any man can see that many millions a year would be saved to this country in this way.	现在，任何人都可以看到，每年将以这种方式拯救数百万人到这个国家。	1
Now as we get back to our regular meeting schedule, it will be a pleasure to see regular familiar faces.	现在，当我们回到常规会议日程时，我们将高兴地看到经常熟悉的面孔。	1
No way the staff could not hear and see.	员工听不清。	1
No way was he abusive yes he was annoyed but that is due to the poor service and communication.	他绝不是在辱骂，是的，他很生气，但这是因为服务和沟通很差。	2
Now, consider the time you spend going to and returning from the movie and how much you value it buy Elavil online without a prescription overnight .	现在，请考虑你花了多少时间去看电影和从电影中回来，以及你在没有处方的情况下在网上购买 Elavil 的价值。	2
No we are on the threshold of annihilation.	不，我们正处于毁灭的门槛上。	2
Now, fifteen years of being a well known shadow made it possible for her to pick and choose the jobs she accepted and the ones that she let go.	如今，十五年的光影让她能够挑选自己接受的工作和她放弃的工作。	1
Nowhere in the Bible is the Sabbath called the Jewish Sabbath.	在圣经中，没有一处是被称为犹太安息日的安息日。	1
Now how about we cut back on the sarcasm and try to get the nice animal out of your hair.	现在我们又剪掉了围巾，试着把漂亮的动物从头发里取出来。	2
Now, I am done with that and I have to find shoes to match my clothes.	现在，我已经完成了这项工作，我必须找到与我的衣服相匹配的鞋子。	1
Now, I am not a psychologist but the following is what I see as powers that officers use to maintain order over inmates everyday in their units.	现在，我不是一名心理学家，但我认为以下是官员每天在其单位维持对囚犯秩序的权力。	0
Now if you could have a way of doing this digitally that would be dandy.	现在，如果你有一种数字化的方式，那就会是一种很不好的方式。	2
Now if you have seen the movie Paint Your Wagon with Clint Eastwood, it is quite different in plot.	现在如果你看过电影《用克林特 · 伊斯特伍德画你的小货车》，它在图解上是相当不同的。	1
Now I have to reread the whole thing!	现在我必须重新读遍所有的东西！	1
Now is a delicate time as the company, I personally feel, are positioning themselves to be able to fully implement new contracts if BASSA shouts strike.	现在是一个微妙的时刻，我个人认为，该公司正在定位，以便在巴萨的罢工时能够全面实施新合同。	1
Now it is a large holding company in the sphere of warehousing, transport and logistics.	现在，它是一家在仓储，运输和物流领域的大型控股公司。	0
Now it is almost a daily occcurrence somewhere in Mexico and increasingly in the wealthier towns.	现在，这几乎是墨西哥某地每天发生的事情，而且越来越多地发生在富裕的城镇。	1
Now it looks like they might be about to start a good long run, because of youth and talent on both sides of the ball.	现在看来他们可能会开始一个很好的长跑，因为这是因为他们的年轻和才能在球的两侧。	2
Now I was really beginning to believe that most of what Mum had been told was fantasy.	现在我开始相信，妈妈所说的大部分都是幻想。	0
Now Julia can read you all over again and I hope it will give her the much needed stress reliever of being a parent, as it did me.	现在，朱莉娅可以再读一遍你们，我希望它能像我一样，给她一个父母所需要的压力。	2
Now let us turn to the stories of this Chapter.	现在让我们来谈谈本章的故事。	0
Now, not only do you get another chance to buy tickets, but also have the opportunity to buy premium Bye Bye Birdie tickets.	现在，您不仅有机会购买门票，还可以购买 Bye Bye Birdie 的高级门票。	0
No wonder this government was so anxious to blame problems with young offenders on the federal government.	难怪政府如此急于将青少年罪犯的问题归咎于联邦政府。	0
No wonder we have such a large class of lethargic, uninspired Americans.	难怪我们有如此大的一类毫无灵感的，毫无生气的美国人。	2
Now people are coming in and saying my wife saw your sign and told me about you.	现在有人进来说我的妻子看到了你的标志，告诉我你的情况。	2
Now please excuse me while i find the money to get myself Warriors Of Rock..	现在请原谅我，当我找到钱让自己成为摇滚勇士的时候。	1
Now reincarnated social network company Moko is gearing up to crack the US college scene.	现在，转世后的社交网络公司莫科正在准备打击美国的大学场景。	2
Now sequence S is the list of vertices constituting one of the shortest paths from source to target, or the empty sequence if no path exists.	现在序列 S 是构成从源到目标的最短路径之一的顶点列表，或者如果没有路径，则为空序列。	1
Now since this issue is purely on these defences, I shall now expand on it.	现在，由于这个问题纯粹是为了这些抗辩，我现在将进一步阐述这个问题。	2
Now sit well forwards in a chair, so that there is space between your back and the chair.	现在坐在椅子上，这样你的背部和椅子之间就有了空间。	1
Now some may see this as creating my own myth.	现在有些人可能认为这是我自己的神话。	2
Now test with chlorine test paper again to be sure that there is excess chlorine.	现在再次用氯测试纸进行测试，以确保存在过量的氯。	0
Now that the building of this yearbook is in full swing, I will email you again shortly with ad guidelines and prices.	现在，这本年鉴正在全面构建，我将很快再次向您发送电子邮件，提供广告指南和价格。	1
Now that there has been a declaration declared in this state, we will be bringing FEMA people in.	现在，这一州已经宣布了一项声明，我们将把联邦紧急状态管理局的人民引入其中。	1
Now that there is a Starbucks everywhere you look, do you think it has made the Capital Region look or feel more progressive?	现在，您所看到的星巴克无处不在，您认为它让首都地区看起来或感觉更加进步了吗？	0
Now that there is peace in the galaxy Jaina Solo has promised to become the apprentice of Jedi Master Kyp Durron.	现在，贾娜 · 独奏在星系中实现了和平，他承诺成为吉迪大师凯普 · 杜伦的学徒。	2
Now the Bahrain government is again trying to whitewash its image.	现在，巴林政府再次试图刷新自己的形象。	1
Now the gutsy mountaineer is facing one of her toughest battles yet: finding the money to tackle the three summits that elude her.	现在，这位吉他手正面临着她最艰难的一场战斗：寻找资金来应对她所无法实现的三次峰会。	2
Now the OPP has moved away from dedicated units on certain highways.	现在， OPP 已经从某些高速公路上的专用单元移走了。	0
Now there is a scramble to get a technical education so that the liberal arts education is neglected, and people mostly want an education to survive in the professional world.	现在，人们争先恐后地接受技术教育，以使人文教育被忽视，人们大多希望教育能在专业世界中生存下来。	1
Now they are isolating the relatives so they do not complain.	现在，他们正在孤立亲属，因此他们不会抱怨。	2
Now they can send their blog posts on your blog, and you can increase website traffic to the new blog on your blog.	现在，他们可以在博客上发送博客文章，您可以增加博客上新博客的网站流量。	1
Now they live off animal blood from many mammals in the Rockies but they used to feed of humans until they realized what they were doing.	现在，他们生活在落基山脉的许多哺乳动物的动物血液中，但他们过去一直喂养人类，直到他们意识到自己在做什么。	2
Now this law of love cannot be formulated easily, for it is known only through the spirit rather than the letter of the law.	现在，这种爱的法则不可能轻易地制定出来，因为它只能通过法律的精神而不是文字来知道。	1
Now we also have Christians who are materialists, and I call this Christian materialism because mysticism is really tied in with material things.	现在我们也有基督徒是唯物主义者，我称之为基督教唯物主义，因为神秘主义真的与物质相关。	2
Now we are a rich town.' It is a story being repeated in towns across eastern and central China, creating a fast route out of poverty for hundreds of thousands of peasants.	现在我们是一个富裕的城市。”这是一个在中国东部和中部的城镇重复的故事，为成千上万的农民创造了一条摆脱贫困的快速道路。	1
Now we are going to quick trick solution for folks: get originate as lighting a cigarette your closet with Bridesmaid Dresses of dream.	现在，我们要为人们提供快速的技巧解决方案：从开始，用新娘梦中的裙子点燃你的衣橱。	2
Now we should note that the many events of History may serve more than one purpose.	现在我们应该注意到，许多历史事件可能有不止一个目的。	0
Now we understand what is going on with the Elders.	现在我们了解了 Elders 的现状。	1
Now, what surprised me, is that LJ made our match together under the same previous rules of his match with Jonah.	现在，让我惊讶的是， LJ 在他与乔纳的比赛之前的同样规则下，一起比赛。	2
Now why would Dartz want the Lotus Blade?	那么，达茨为什么要使用 Lotus Blade ？	0
Now, with more features than ever before, this powerful software can transform your digital photos into professional an ima ted slideshows, backup all of your val...	现在，这款强大的软件拥有前所未有的功能，可以将您的数码照片转换为专业的 IMA TED 幻灯片，备份您的所有视频 ...	0
Now you can see picture of a new instrument in the gallery.	现在，您可以在库中看到新仪器的图片。	0
Now you have a visual proof for every invoice you generate.	现在，您可以为生成的每张发票提供视觉证据。	0
Now you need to understand what it will take to transition into the field and into the industry.	现在，您需要了解过渡到领域和行业所需的时间。	2
Now you will pay tax on those same dividends again.	现在，您将再次对这些股息纳税。	0
Nuance is pleased to announce the launch of Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 in versions Standard and Preferred for all EMEA locales.	Nuance 很高兴宣布推出 Dragon Naturally Speaking 10 标准版，是所有 EMEA 地区的首选。	1
Nuber left the show in 1989 and left Jenkins as the sole host.	纽伯于 1989 年离开了演出，让詹金斯成为唯一的主持人。	2
Nuclear bombs The nuclear bomb is the deadliest device ever made.	核弹核弹是有史以来制造的最致命的装置。	2
Nuffield Health puts patient care and clinical excellence at the heart of everything they do.	Nuffield Health 将患者护理和临床卓越性放在他们所做的一切的核心。	1
Numbers are supposed to objects in the following sense.	数字是指以下意义上的对象。	0
Numerous business entities adhere to the belief that a mere exposure on the net is sufficient to pick up more clients.	许多商业实体坚持认为，仅仅在网络上暴露就足以增加客户。	1
Numerous variations of the features described above can be employed.	可以使用上述功能的多种变体。	0
Numerous were getting in touch with them exceptional.	许多人都与他们取得了非凡的联系。	2
Nurseries East of the Rockies have to fumigate their plants at some time or another to maintain their certification status in order to ship them into California.	落基山脉东部的苗圃必须在某个时间或其他时间对其植物进行熏蒸以保持其认证状态，才能将其运往加利福尼亚州。	0
NUS staff gets corporate discounts for subscribing to any of the service providers.	NUS 员工在订阅任何服务提供商时都可获得公司折扣。	0
Nuwa froze many Tanuki warriors and shattered them with her saber, She blocked a strike from a Kitsune and killed the warrior on the spot.	努瓦冻结了许多丹基族的战士，用她的刀剑粉碎了他们，她阻止了一名基松族的罢工，当场杀死了这些战士。	2
Obama has made an unusual commitment in time and energy to the negotiations at the White House, essentially serving as a referee on key issues that the House and Senate leaders could not resolve.	奥巴马在时间和精力上对白宫的谈判做出了不同寻常的承诺，主要是作为众议院和参议院领导人无法解决的关键问题的裁判。	1
Obama noted that Republicans opposed to the Democratic plan to allow tax rates for the wealth to increase showed they would undermine any extension of current tax rates.	奥巴马指出，共和党反对民主党允许增加财富税率的计划，这表明他们将破坏现行税率的任何延长。	0
Obama would have hit the roof if it were Newt Gringrich.	如果奥巴马是纽特 · 格林里奇的话，那就会大失所能了。	1
Objection to the arrangement has been greeted with indifference from the City Airport.	城市机场对这一安排表示异议，但却无动于衷。	1
Objectives This programme provides an opportunity for participants to take relevant studies in healthcare management and administration at a diploma level.	目标本计划为参与者提供了一个机会，让他们能够在文凭级别上接受有关医疗管理和行政的研究。	1
Objective: To provide delegates with the knowledge and tools to comply with the legal requirements of waste management.	目标：为学员提供符合废物管理法律要求的知识和工具。	2
OBRY Owen Sub: Ever since i figured out when they run ide try to make it down to film them every tuesday and friday.	OBRY Owen Sub: 自从我知道他们在运行 IDE 时，我就试着把它制作成每周二和周五拍摄的影片。	1
Observe and compare natural resource planning effort to benefit TNC planning efforts in LA.	观察并比较自然资源规划工作，以使洛杉矶的跨国公司规划工作受益。	0
Observe performance and capabilities of craftsmen and make recommendations for advancement.	观察工匠的表现和能力，并提出进步建议。	0
Observers interpreted the continued delay as a step towards admitting that the government had no chance of pushing the salvage fund through parliament.	观察家认为，这种持续的拖延是承认政府没有机会通过议会推动救助基金的一个步骤。	1
Obtain written approval from a department member who agrees to act as adviser and the approval of your choice of readers by your adviser and the consent of the readers themselves.	获得同意担任顾问的部门成员的书面批准，并获得您的顾问对您选择的读者的批准以及读者本人的同意。	1
Obviously her team was distressed by the lack of chakra running through their bodies.	显然，她的团队对缺乏通过身体的 chakra 感到不安。	2
Obviously I know animals have to die for me to get a Big Mac, but are we seriously killing them in the ridiculously sick and twisted manner described in this book??.	显然，我知道动物必须为我而死才能得到一个大麦克，但我们是否以本书所描述的那种荒谬的病态和扭曲的方式严重杀死他们？？	1
Obviously these kinds of events are not common among us so does that mean there is something wrong with us?	显然，这些事件在我们中间并不常见，这是否意味着我们有什么问题？	0
Occasional cars passing through will definitely change the lighting condition.	偶尔经过的汽车肯定会改变照明条件。	1
Occasionally he erupts with rabid vitriol but that apparently did not give him the satisfaction so he now resorted to antisocial behavior.	他偶尔会爆发狂犬病，但这显然没有让他感到满意，因此他现在采取了反社会行为。	1
Occasionally this indicates the runners could really feel annoyed when their toes rubbed against the top or front of the shoe during races or coaching sessions.	有时这表明跑步者在比赛或辅导课程中脚趾被擦到鞋的顶部或前部时会感到恼怒。	1
Occurs naturally occurring corticosteroid that phentermine free overnight fedex.	发生自然发生的皮质类固醇，该类固醇可在夜间免费提供纤维性食品。	2
Of course, he could get away with killing if he truly wanted to.	当然，如果他真的愿意，他可以用杀人来摆脱。	1
Of course, he would never find it, but the feel of cold, hard metal in his heart would bare with him for a few moments, before fading away with the breeze.	当然，他永远不会找到它，但他内心的冷硬金属的感觉会在他身上消失几分钟，然后在微风中消失。	2
Of course, if you would prefer to use a different icon, you can change the URL of the image in the code used for this hack as I will explain shortly.	当然，如果您希望使用不同的图标，您可以更改用于此黑客攻击的代码中的图像 URL ，我将很快解释。	1
Of course it only fueled his motivation to hate humans more.	当然，这只会助长他对人类更多仇恨的动机。	1
Of course Kim would need help on the seating arrangement but hopefully things will look up once she gets that done.	当然，金某需要在座位安排上得到帮助，但希望一旦完成这一安排，事情就会得到改善。	1
Of course, Latinos are just as capable of racism as any other ethnic group but racism against themselves?	当然，拉丁美洲人与任何其他族裔群体一样能够遭受种族主义，但对自己的种族主义却是如此？	2
Of course many will say that his life in Africa was full of illusions and that he was living a fantasy there as much as he did anywhere else.	当然，许多人会说，他在非洲的生活充满了幻想，他在那里的生活与他在其他地方一样梦幻。	0
Of course none of this means diddly to me because an hour after arriving I was asleep for the remainder of the day, requesting only gatorade and darkness.	当然，没有一个意思对我来说是不好的，因为在我到达一个小时后，我在一天的剩余时间里一直在睡觉，只要求光天化日和黑暗。	2
OF course our New Consciousness group is still there as well!	当然，我们的新意识团队也在那里！	1
Of course someone sees it and they go to the police who swear up and down that there is no way for them to get to the island to help.	当然，有人看到了这一点，他们就会去警察那里，警察上下发誓，他们无法到岛上去帮助他们。	2
Of course the eagle is a big spirit.	当然，鹰是一种大精神。	2
Of course, the police screwed up by letting the woman get as close as she did, but the officer who used his foot to fend off the woman acted quickly and appropriately.	当然，警察让这名妇女和她一样接近，但用他的脚来赶走这名妇女的警官却迅速而适当地采取了行动。	1
Of course the question is how do you actually create those pathways, but I think that is what teaching is really about.	当然，问题是你是如何真正创造这些途径的，但我认为这正是教学的真正意义。	1
Of course, this is also a big surprise for everyone including Gerrity.	当然，这也是对包括 Gerrity 在内的每个人的巨大惊喜。	1
Of course, we do our homework and looking deeper it appears that one of the partners of the firm is the one who is the owner of the trust.	当然，我们做了功课，更深入地看，看来公司的一个伙伴是信托的所有者。	1
Of course when you hear high school party combined with seniors, you usually think 'hey free beer is definitely going to be there'.	当然，当你听到高中派对和老年人的声音时，你通常会认为“免费的啤酒一定会在那里”。	1
Of course, within the racial groups a similar differentiation has gone on, so that each human stock produces individuals ranging in hereditary endowment all the way from the idiot to the genius.	当然，在种族群体中也存在着类似的区别，因此每一种人类都产生了从白痴到天才的各种遗属。	1
Of course, you can stop here if that is all the information you need, but at least further relevant information is right there at only one click away.	当然，如果您需要的信息都有，您可以在此停留，但至少只需点击一下，就可以获得更多相关信息。	1
Offer 3 Just one search to find cheap Royal Kenz Hotel Port El Kantaoui.	只需搜索一次即可找到便宜的 Royal Kenz Hotel Port El Kantaoui 。	0
Offering sail and power yachts for bareboat charter or skippered cruises on Lake Huron from Gore Bay.	从戈尔湾（ Gore Bay ）出发，在休伦湖（ Lake Huron ）提供帆船和电动游艇，进行光船租船或滑船巡游。	1
Offering to find an institution who wants your business, then compares rates to find the best value loan.	提供一家想要您的业务的机构，然后比较利率以找到最具价值的贷款。	0
Officers arrested the suspect and transported him to Hennepin County Jail where he was booked on burglary charges.	警察逮捕了嫌疑人，并将他送到 Hennepin 县监狱，在那里他被以入室盗窃罪登记。	1
Officials also hope that the availability of online training will encourage employee recruitment and retention.	官员还希望在线培训的提供将鼓励员工的招聘和留任。	1
Officials at Comcast confirmed that its signal was interrupted during the Super Bowl, but the company is still working to figure out how porn broke into its cable feed.	康卡斯特的官员证实，在超级碗比赛期间，信号中断，但该公司仍在努力研究孔隙是如何冲入电缆馈线的。	0
Officials say schools across the region will remain closed for the next two days so checks can be carried out on whether the structures are safe.	官员表示，该地区的学校将在未来两天内保持关闭状态，因此可以检查这些建筑是否安全。	0
Off somewhere down the row of seats, AWAY from the dirty minds of Oshitari and Mukahi was Taki complaining to anyone and everyone who would listen about the opening song of the movie.	在排座位的某个地方，远离了 Oshitari 和 Mukahi 肮脏的头脑， Taki 向任何人和每个人抱怨说，他们会听到电影的开场歌曲。	2
Of local law enforcement and first responder types.	地方执法和第一责任方类型。	0
Often also from his vices and multitude of sins.	也常常是他的罪孽和众多罪孽的罪过。	2
Often included in portfolio management and especially useful for innovation programs in the fuzzy front end where financial metrics are not yet available.	通常包括在投资组合管理中，对于财务指标尚不可用的模糊前端的创新计划尤其有用。	1
Often in January and February North Atlantic cold fronts will drop down to the Canaries and bring periods of rain and onshore winds.	通常在 1 月和 2 月，北大西洋的冷锋将下降到加那利群岛，并带来雨季和陆上风。	1
Often the boom operator will need to be as familiar with the script as are the actors, as they may be required to tilt or move the microphone according to who is speaking.	通常，动臂操作员需要像演员一样熟悉脚本，因为他们可能需要根据说话者倾斜或移动麦克风。	0
Often, these will come with a nominal price and will be something that can be charged to you through your current cell service provider.	通常，这些服务将以名义价格提供，并且可以通过您当前的手机服务提供商向您收取费用。	0
Of the three he is the only one doing what he needs to do to hang on to his mental health, and humanity.	在这三个人中，他是唯一一个做他需要做的事情来提高他的精神健康和人性的人。	2
Ogden said legislators do not realize how interdependent and interrelated the various social services are.	奥格登说，立法者并不认识到各种社会服务是多么相互依存和相互关联。	1
Oh and anything that is marked with Italics indicates a narrative point of view.	OH 和任何用斜体标记的东西都表示叙述的观点。	2
Oh and like in the real world sometimes it takes more than one dose to cure the fishies.	哦，就像在现实世界里，有时需要不止一次的剂量来治愈鱼。	2
Oh and of course, the existential and intense fear that exists in life, seemingly, with no real comfortable answer to sooth the spirit and psyche will do wonders convincing someone of anything if it means feeling safer.	当然，生活中存在的存在和强烈的恐惧，似乎没有真正的舒适答案来满足精神和心理，如果这意味着感到更安全，那么这种恐惧将会令人惊奇。	2
Oh how he loved the smoke that curled warm around him while the mist billowed him in wet cold and heat at the same time.	噢，他是怎么喜欢在他周围温暖的烟雾，而在潮湿的寒冷和炎热的天气里，雾气又向他吹来的。	1
Oh how wrong she was, okay she was entirely wrong but that statement was shit.	哦，她错了多大，好吧，她完全错了，但那句话是不对的。	2
Ohio and Pennsylvania did it and implimated a pay for the distance you drive turnpike system.	俄亥俄州和宾夕法尼亚州都这样做了，并暗示要为你驾驶高速公路系统的距离支付一笔费用。	2
OIC strongly emphasizes job search as an immediate activity following enrollment.	伊斯兰会议组织强烈强调求职是入学后的一项直接活动。	1
Oil extraction plans of this company reach the level of 16 million tons a year.	该公司的石油开采计划每年达到 1600 万吨。	0
Ok all those who have hair issues with black women!	好的，所有那些有头发问题的黑人妇女！	2
Okay, so my friend Victoria suggested a very long time ago that I should write an alternate version of this story.	好的，所以我的朋友维多利亚很久以前建议我写一个关于这个故事的替代版本。	2
OK everyone here is what I learned and what you could ...	好的，这里的每个人都是我学到的，你能学到的……	1
Oklahoma City is an American city quintessentially founded upon change.	俄克拉荷马城是一座以变革为基础的美国城市。	1
OK, now we come to the last race for Wayward where it is going at the same class level but on the turf.	好的，现在我们进入最后一场比赛，前进的方向是在同一级别，但在草地上。	2
Older moviegoers probably would have appreciated the film more and should have been the primary target audience of this distributor instead of young adults.	年纪较大的电影爱好者可能会更喜欢这部电影，而不是年轻的成年人，应该成为这家发行公司的主要目标观众。	2
Old fillings in her front teeth had discolored and she had an old fashioned porcelain and metal crown that was too bright for the color of her other teeth.	她前牙上的旧填料变色了，她的瓷器和金属冠太亮了，与其他牙齿的颜色不符。	1
Old Havana seems to have stopped at some point in history, but at the same time it stares toward the future with renewed strengths.	老哈瓦那似乎在历史的某个时刻已经停止，但与此同时，它又以新的优势走向未来。	2
Olivia paused long enough to make sure the detectives in the room were with her.	奥利维亚停下来的时间足够长，以确保房间里的侦探与她在一起。	2
Ollie turned his head when he felt her eyes on him.	当奥利看到他的眼睛时，他转了头。	1
Omar Barghouti is a founding member of the BDS campaign.	Omar Barghouti 是 BDS 运动的创始成员。	0
Omar reminded me of the importance of this.	Omar 提醒我这一点的重要性。	0
Omkara realizes that he may have blundered in having Keshav succeed him, as Keshav is unable to control his temper when under the influence of alcohol, which puts him in the bad books of Omkara.	Omkara 意识到，他可能因让 Keshav 接替他而受到了损害，因为 Keshav 在酒精的影响下无法控制他的脾气，而酒精的影响使他成为 Omkara 的坏书。	2
On a mostly flat and longer route (that is what the Quest is made for) on open roads you would get much different results.	在大多数平坦和较长的道路上（这就是 Quest 的目标），在开放道路上，您将获得不同的结果。	2
On a practical level I also love this format, so easy to plan the month out.	从实际角度来看，我也喜欢这种格式，因此很容易计划出个月。	2
On a recent Tuesday night at dusk, I was driving south on Sharon School road with my husband.	最近一个周二晚上，黄昏时分，我和丈夫在 Sharon School 路上向南行驶。	1
On balance 56% of firms reported that their domestic prices had risen by more than 5%.	总的来说， 56% 的公司报告其国内价格上涨了 5% 以上。	1
On behalf of the Office on Violence Against Women, I offer my deepest condolences to residents of American Samoa and surrounding areas who have been impacted by the recent tsunami.	我代表暴力侵害妇女问题办公室向美属萨摩亚和周边地区的居民表示最深切的哀悼，这些居民受到最近海啸的影响。	2
Once again, a new technologically advanced realization and management of lighting plants to the advantage of environmental protection and economical safe.	同样，为了环境保护和经济安全，对照明设备进行了技术先进的新的实现和管理。	1
Once again, I implore you read the entire thing as it has research backing it.	我再次暗示你读了整件事，因为它有研究支持它。	2
Once again pointing to a huge sore spot, Aldrich Ames is a perfect example of a double agent.	阿尔德里奇 · 阿梅斯再次指出了一个巨大的痛点，它是双重制剂的完美例子。	1
Once again there was a long strip of rolled bark inside.	再次有一条长长的卷起的树皮。	2
Once all the straps are cinched tight Rainbow Dash twists and flexes herself in every direction she can think of, the fit feeling strong and comfortable on her.	一旦所有束带都被夹紧，彩虹仪表板就会在她能想到的每个方向上扭曲和弯曲，对她的贴合感就会很强烈，很舒服。	2
Once a manager has obvious favorites, he or she loses credibility and the respect of the rest of the team.	一旦经理有明显的偏好，他或她就失去了信誉和团队其他成员的尊重。	0
Once boiled add baking powder and stir lightly.	煮沸后，加入烘粉并轻轻搅拌。	0
Once I adjusted some of the settings on the TV everything was fine in terms of brightness.	我调整了电视上的一些设置后，亮度方面的一切都很好。	1
Once ignition takes place, the knob is held for a few seconds until the burner reaches the right temperature for a stable flame.	点火后，旋钮将保持几秒钟，直至燃烧器达到合适的温度，以获得稳定的火焰。	0
Once I got in the air she cuddled up into my chest and rested her head on my shoulder.	当我进了空气后，她就把头放在我的肩膀上，把头放在我的胸部。	2
Once in force, it will ensure free movement of goods across the Member States and bring clarity to the packaging rules for both the industry and the citizens.	一旦生效，它将确保货物在各会员国之间的自由流动，并使行业和公民的包装规则更加明确。	1
Once in her room she closed the door and through herself onto there bed.	她一进入房间就把门关上，自己就在床上。	1
Once it has blown, make your way back down to the large room on the first floor and take the stair case on the left side of the room across from where you first entered.	一旦它吹过，您可以返回一楼的大房间，然后在房间左侧的楼梯箱上，穿过您第一次进入的地方。	1
Once I told him that I wanted to move out on my own and get away from my Uncle he had done all he could to make it happen.	当我告诉他我想自己出去，离开我的叔叔时，他已经尽了他所能做到的。	2
Once Milosevic capitulated and agreed to withdraw his troops, the media conveniently terminated their coverage.	一旦米洛舍维奇投降并同意撤出其部队，媒体就立即停止了报道。	1
Once more everyone began to laugh, until they all figured it was late and it was time for some of them to get heading home.	每个人都开始笑，直到他们都觉得很晚了，现在是他们中一些人回家的时候了。	2
Once the bubble are gone, they just really have an empty plastic bottle sitting on the shelf.	一旦泡泡泡消失，他们就会在架子上放一个空的塑料瓶。	1
Once the response to the question of gambling addiction was settled and reiterated over the years, the number of cases being brought to this court to argue for a more lenient sentence for a compulsive gambler have become rare.	对赌博上瘾问题的反应在过去几年中得到解决并得到重申后，提交法院要求对强迫赌博者作出更宽松判决的案件数量就变得罕见了。	0
Once the robots were destroyed, he found a path that lead him towards a giant floating base that showed a moustache and a pair of glasses.	一旦机器人被摧毁，他就找到了一条路径，引导他走向一个巨大的漂浮基地，那里有一只胡子和一副眼镜。	2
Once the sink was filled to the brim Booker plunged his face into the scalding water, submerging his head.	一旦水池被填满，布克尔就把他的脸浸入到了鳞水中，把他的头浸入水中。	1
Once the table was cleared and the dishes washed, they made their way into the living room.	一旦桌子被清理干净，盘子被清洗，他们就会进入客厅。	2
Once they do and they try later to login to check their mail they find their password is no longer accepted.	一旦他们这样做，并且他们稍后尝试登录以检查邮件，他们发现他们的密码不再被接受。	1
Once they validate their security index, it could prove a useful planning and design tool.	一旦他们验证了安全指数，它将成为一个有用的规划和设计工具。	0
Once upon a time there were a man and snake that were good friends.	曾经有一个男人和蛇是好朋友。	0
Once you build a barracks, you should immediately build infantry and use them to uncover the map and find your opponents base.	一旦你建造了军营，你就应该立即建造步兵，用他们来发现地图，找到你的对手基地。	1
Once you give up your dagger you have admitted that you are dead!	一旦你放弃了你的匕首，你就承认你已经死了！	0
Once you have installed the software type in some basic details about yourself and then compile your order by following the simple steps within the software.	将软件类型安装在一些有关您自己的基本详细信息中后，然后按照软件中的简单步骤编译您的订单。	1
Once you have narrowed your search down to a country you will be looking at cities and regions in this country.	一旦您将搜索范围缩小到某个国家 / 地区，您将看到该国的城市和地区。	2
Once you know the kind of brand you want, you should visit as many shops as possible.	一旦你知道你想要的品牌类型，你应该去尽可能多的商店。	1
Once you know what not to listen to you can really listen to the other character.	一旦你知道什么不听你真的可以听另一个角色 .	2
Once you log in, click on Essential Learner Outcomes which will take you to a page that allows you to select the curriculum map by grade level.	登录后，单击 " 基本学员结果 " ，将进入一个页面，您可以通过该页面按级别选择课程图。	0
On December 13 an inspector from the Department of Consumer Services ticketed him for not having a license to repair cars.	12 月 13 日，消费者服务部的一名督察因没有汽车修理执照而对他进行了罚单。	0
On Demand and CD Recordings Planning for Operational Success in Snow with David Gallagher (October 8, 2009) As the sales season comes to an end, now is the time to plan for snow operations.	按需提供和 CD 录音与 David Gallagher （ 2009 年 10 月 8 日）一起规划雪中的运营成功，随着销售季的结束，现在是计划雪中作业的时候了。	1
One big hiccup always had been my router table.	我的路由器桌总是有一个大问题。	0
One by one, the Viking thought back on each step of the instructions that Merida had given to him in the lesson, and soon enough, Hiccup was aiming the arrow at the target.	维京人逐条思考了梅里达在课程中给他的指示的每一步，很快，希卡姆就把箭对准了目标。	0
One call while she enjoys a San Diego spa changes everything into before and after.	当她享受圣地亚哥水疗中心时，一次通话会改变一切。	1
One can also consider what the user is doing.	还可以考虑用户正在做什么。	0
One can only come to the conclusion that broadening the sales tax, that impacting on the tax credit system is a tax increase.	我们只能得出这样的结论：扩大销售税对税收信用体系的影响是税收的增加。	1
One can tell the Cowderys hold a special interest in the subject matter, and thus have put together a very thorough and fine book, meticulously researched and presented.	可以说，牛仔对这一主题有着特殊的兴趣，因此，他们把一本非常透彻，精致的书整理出来，仔细研究和展示。	1
One concern is that self goals are primary in the sense that without them the photographic session would be unlikely to take place.	一个令人关切的问题是，自我目标是首要的，因为没有这些目标，摄影会议就不可能举行。	1
One contained a white powder packaged the same way.	其中一个含有白色粉末，包装方式相同。	0
One corner of his mouth curled up into a smirk.	他的一个嘴角上弯成一个小木。	2
One couple greeted us from the balcony of their detached villa and another lady from her flat.	一对夫妇从他们独立别墅的阳台迎接我们，另一位女士从她的公寓迎接我们。	1
One day my foster family came home real late and I insisted that I eat dinner again even though the neighbor boy fed me earlier.	有一天，我的寄养家庭很晚才回家，我坚持要我再吃一次晚餐，尽管邻居男孩早给我吃了饭。	1
One day when your country comes under sharia law you will be crawling to the US for help because you have lost your rights and freedoms, so keep your cowardly opinions to yourself.	有一天，当你的国家受到伊斯兰教法的约束时，你会因为你失去了权利和自由而爬行到美国寻求帮助，所以要把你的懦夫的观点留待你自己。	1
One does not need to attend a special school to be able to operate Bluetooth wireless mouse.	您无需上特殊学校即可操作蓝牙无线鼠标。	2
One downside of copper pans is their solid metal handles, which can get far hotter than the tubular handles found on stainless steel or aluminium cookware.	铜盘的一个缺点是其实心金属手柄，其温度可能比不锈钢或铝炊具上的管状手柄高得多。	0
One evening in 1812, as he sat gazing at a table of mathematical data, it occurred to him that a machine could calculate such data faster than humans and without human error.	1812 年的一个晚上，当他坐在一张数学数据表上时，他发现一台机器可以比人类更快地计算出这类数据，而不会出现人为错误。	2
One fallen giant to enjoy something of a resurgence in this era was Derby County.	德比县是一个在这个时代重新崛起的巨人。	2
One friend even greeted us at his home (as we dropped off presents) in jeans and a tee with a toothpaste stain splattered across the chest.	一个朋友甚至在他的家里（我们放下礼物）用牛仔裤和一个牙胶污渍的茶来迎接我们。	2
One garage said it was the electric fuel pump and they removed the gas tank in order to replace it.	一个车库说是电动燃油泵，他们拆除了油箱以更换它。	1
One good method to let your child play outside and get some sunshine will be to set up baby play yards.	让孩子在户外玩耍，晒太阳的一个好方法是建立婴儿游乐场。	1
One good result of the electoral exercise of the PCF is that it will be very difficult to repeat it.	选举委员会的一个良好结果是，很难重复选举。	1
One has a star beside it kind of in the > middle of the screen and the other one is higher up than that one more to > the left of the screen.	一个在屏幕的 > 中间有一个星，另一个在屏幕左边的 > 上比另一个更高。	2
One has to make the difficult decision - stay with his friends and freeze to death or go down the mountain alone risking his own life to try to save them all.	我们必须做出艰难的决定——与朋友一起生活，冻死，或者独自下山，冒着生命危险去拯救他们。	2
One, if these new defenders of Igbo cause would do some research, they would acknowledge the role that I, Omo Omoruyi played in the past to work for the reentry of the Igbo into the political mainstream in 1978.	一个是，如果这些新的伊格博事业捍卫者做一些研究，他们就会承认我奥莫鲁伊在 1978 年为伊格博重新进入政治主流所发挥的作用。	1
One in four respondents said they were waiting for the council to make adaptations to their home.	四分之一的答复者说，他们正在等待议会对他们的家园作出调整。	0
One, in response to a comment that I heard earlier about supposedly this having no correlation between the punishment and the crime.	一个是，针对我早些时候听到的一个评论，我认为这与惩罚和罪行之间没有关系。	1
One in seven women in Canada are living in poverty.	加拿大每七名妇女中就有一名生活在贫困之中。	0
One is a proposed new regulation that will require vehicle manufacturers to install a universal anchorage system for child restraint systems on all new vehicles beginning in September 2002.	其中一项建议是新规例，规定汽车制造商须自 2002 年 9 月起在所有新车上安装儿童约束系统的通用锚固系统。	0
One is that are no guarantees you will be admitted no matter how high your grades and test scores are.	一个是这并不能保证无论您的成绩和测试分数有多高，您都能被录取。	1
On either side of my Badges were two framed pictures.	我的徽章的两侧都是两幅带框的照片。	1
One key issue that HR managers deal with it the ever growing use of FMLA and how it impacts headcount, especially in an economic downturn that we are still in as a country today.	人力资源经理要解决的一个关键问题是， FMLA 的使用日益增长，以及它如何影响员工人数，特别是在我们目前仍处于国家 / 地区的经济低迷时期。	0
One look at what happened to the Musuem in Baghdad, not to long ago, shows this imperial process in play, further burying the great contributions of the Arab people under yet more rubble.	不久前在巴格达的穆苏姆发生的事件表明，这一帝国进程正在发挥作用，进一步将阿拉伯人民的巨大贡献埋在更加废墟之下。	1
One main reason the internet is a breakthrough is research.	互联网突破的一个主要原因是研究。	0
One man was willing to fight in defence of his country on a different continent, because that is where he was told he would be of most use.	一个男人愿意在另一个大陆上为保卫他的国家而战，因为他被告知他将在那里发挥最大的作用。	2
One might begin to believe that it actually is essentially true, if one eventually became convinced that it provided a complete and consistent interpretation of quantum mechanics and one could not find any plausible alternatives.	如果人们最终确信它提供了对量子力学的完整和一致的解释，并且不能找到任何可行的替代方案，那么人们可能会开始相信它实际上是真的。	0
One missed payment can do quite a bit of damage to your credit report.	一笔未支付的款项会对您的信用报告造成相当大的损害。	1
One more factor, the software program lets earlier customers post their evaluation and comments on a certain store and its item to assist the other buyers decide on their purchases.	另一个因素是，软件程序允许早期客户发布对特定商店及其商品的评估和评论，以帮助其他买家决定购买。	0
One more parameter indicates where to inject the flash file.	另一个参数表示在何处注入闪存文件。	1
One of my favorite lines in the whole damn game aside from the romantic ones between Yuri and Alice.	除了尤里和爱丽丝之间的浪漫之外，这是我在整个游戏中最喜欢的一条线。	1
One of my friends that I used to play go with has left for the military.	我曾经和我一起玩过的一个朋友已经离开了军队。	2
One of my greatest fears is facing a blank canvas.	我最担心的是面对空白的帆布。	1
One of our goals in scripting is to maintain a natural imperative command style throughout.	我们在脚本编写中的一个目标是始终保持自然的命令风格。	0
One of the advantages of using secondary data is that it has already been collected, organized, and analyzed and the advantage of using primary data is that it ...	使用次要数据的优点之一是，它已经被收集，组织和分析，使用次要数据的优点是它 ...	1
One of the arguments often used to defend the copyright system is that it generates income for artists.	为保护版权制度经常使用的一个论点是，它为艺术家创造收入。	1
One of the basic nutrient to help burn fat and create lean muscle is protein.	蛋白质是帮助燃烧脂肪和产生精益肌肉的基本营养物质之一。	0
One of the basic things that IT companies in Pakistan do basically is to obtain outsourced, word process data for North American or European or other countries, etcetera.	巴基斯坦的 IT 公司基本做的一件事就是获取北美，欧洲或其他国家的外包文字处理数据等。	2
One of the best experiences I had in Oz, and no one asked me about it.	这是我在奥兹最棒的经历之一，没有人问我。	1
One of the best looking second generations on here.	这里是最漂亮的第二代人之一	2
One of the best poker books out there!	最棒的扑克书籍之一！	0
One of the brackets has cut outs on the inside to allow the cables and other parts to easily pass through without getting hung up.	其中一个支架的内侧有切口，以便电缆和其他部件可以轻松穿过，而不会被挂接。	1
One of the causes is the increasingly complex system development environment such as demand for speedy development, linkage and integration of multiple systems, development by multiple parties, and deployment of new technologies.	其中一个原因是系统开发环境日益复杂，例如对快速开发，多系统连接和集成，多方开发和部署新技术的需求。	0
One of the exhibits is a reconstruction of a Sixties living room.	其中一个展览是重建一个 60 多岁的客厅。	1
One of the famous and most popular in this city is the Statue of Liberty.	自由女神像是这座城市最著名和最受欢迎的景点之一。	0
One of the few protected intact subarctic ecosystems on the planet, Denali Park and Preserve has long been an inspiration for artists and scientists.	德纳利公园和保护区是地球上为数不多的保护完好的亚北极生态系统之一，长期以来一直是艺术家和科学家的灵感源泉。	0
One of the few provisions made for injured veterans is a vocational training program.	为受伤的退伍军人制定的少数条款之一是职业培训方案。	0
One of the first acts of Congress, after the adoption of the Constitution, was the passage and signing into law of the Naturalization Act of 1790, a copy of which is framed in my lobby.	《宪法》通过后，国会的首批法案之一是通过并签署了 1790 年《归化法》，该法案的副本已在我的大厅中形成。	2
One of the goals of the psychological evaluation is to help a person understand and articulate their relationship with food.	心理评估的目标之一是帮助人们了解并阐明他们与食物的关系。	0
One of the members opposite mentioned grain augers and certainly, there have been far too many injuries in grain augers.	另一位议员提到谷物螺旋钻，当然，谷物螺旋钻的伤害太多了。	2
One of them had had two cigarette butts stubbed out in bacon rind.	其中一人身上有两根烟头，都是在熏肉里吃的。	2
One of the more fascinating things at the temple was a powder blue Austin car venerated as a relic.	这座寺庙最迷人的地方之一是一辆粉末蓝的奥斯丁车，它被视为一个遗迹。	2
One of the more popular examples applies to atomic theory.	更受欢迎的例子之一适用于原子理论。	1
One of the more sinister implications of the calculus of violence is that persons are unlikely to value others more highly than themselves.	暴力计算的一个更邪恶的影响是，人们不可能比自己更重视他人。	2
One of the most famous is that deviation occurs in order to keep the balance of the community and helps with the maturation of the community.	其中最著名的一个原因是，为了保持社区的平衡，并帮助社区的成熟。	2
One of the most valuable ways to link within your site may be the site map.	网站地图可能是网站内最有价值的链接方式之一。	1
One of the other reasons is that people from all over the world get to try their luck in online casino games.	另一个原因是来自世界各地的人们在网上赌场游戏中尝试运气。	1
One of the reasons for this is that the 8020 combo was account the style of.	其中一个原因是 8020 组合被认为是的风格。	2
One of these determined that the services provided should no longer come from just one organisation.	其中一项决定，所提供的服务不应再仅仅来自一个组织。	1
One of the things I picked up from one of the other guys was this German band called Rammstein.	我从另一个家伙那里得到的一件事就是这个叫 Rammstein 的德国乐队。	1
One of the very few Pissed off things..	少数几件事中的一件事被冲掉了。。。。	2
One of the ways the practitioner can be used should be to profit the business should they enter serious personal difficulty.	如果从业人员遇到严重的个人困难，可以使用的方法之一应该是盈利业务。	2
One or more of these plugs should be pulled and the contacts inspected for corrosion - generally blue green in color.	应拔出一个或多个此类插头，并检查触点是否腐蚀 - 通常为蓝色绿色。	0
One or two a day is alright and it is okay to continue on days you are not exercising.	一天一到两天是好的，在你不锻炼的日子继续下去是好的。	2
One perk I have enjoyed as President is the interaction I have had with my southern California colleagues.	作为总统，我享受的一个福利是我与南加州同事的互动。	1
One person had significantly impaired brain and body functions and used a wheelchair.	一人的大脑和身体功能严重受损，并使用轮椅。	1
One popular method that is perfect for turning students' impressions of pictures into quantifiable data is Multidimensional Scaling (MDS), a multivariate technique similar to Principal Components Analysis that falls in the class of dimension reduction methods.	一种最适合将学生对图片的印象转化为可量化数据的常用方法是多维缩放（ MDS ），这是一种与主要组件分析类似的多变量技术，属于尺寸缩减方法的类别。	0
One problem is that the actual degree of genetic variability depends on the past history of the strain and in many cases is quite limited.	一个问题是，基因变异的实际程度取决于这种紧张的过去史，在许多情况下是相当有限的。	1
One project involves upgrading and relocating the existing fueling facility, and the other involves conducting activities necessary to acquire land.	一个项目涉及更新和重新安置现有的燃料设施，另一个项目涉及开展获得土地所需的活动。	1
One reason to give credibility to such a claim is that we saw a similar inflation during the Vietnam War.	让这种说法可信的一个原因是，我们在越南战争期间看到了类似的通货膨胀。	1
One represented two mowers; the other, a beautiful large wood engraving from Monde Illustré, a peasant woman taking a cow into the meadow.	一个代表两个割草机；另一个代表着一个美丽的大木雕，这是一个从《世界报》（ Monde Illustre ）雕刻而来的，一个是一个将奶牛带入草地的农民妇女。	1
One Response to Art Fusion with Paul Booth and Filip Leu.	与 Paul Booth 和 Filip Leu 一起对艺术融合做出回应。	1
One should look at how they broadly see Ukraine in the near future.	我们应该看看他们在不久的将来如何广泛地看待乌克兰。	2
One Side, it will build up analytic approach of company and other side, it will be helpful to check up each and every accounting item from different angels.	一方面，它将建立公司和其他方面的分析方法，检查来自不同角度的每一个会计项目将是有益的。	2
One small study found that drinking a glass of pomegranate juice every day slowed down the growth of cancer in men whose cancer had come back after their first treatment.	一项小研究发现，每天喝一杯石榴汁减缓了癌症在男性中的增长，而男性的癌症在第一次治疗后又复发了。	2
One striking feature of Paradise as an idea is that it is always being lost.	天堂的一个显著特征是它总是被遗忘。	1
One student and a security officer suffered minor injuries as a result of the fight in the school, according to reports.	据报道，一名学生和一名保安人员在学校的战斗中受轻伤。	0
One such incident took place in Jerusalem at a pool called Bethesda.	在耶路撒冷的一个名叫贝塞斯达的水池发生了一起这类事件。	0
One theory for why the clouds were not there is that they are only present during solstice.	有一个理论解释为什么没有云，那就是它们只存在于 Solstice 中。	1
One upgrade you may find helpful is the new ability to take screen shots from within Preview.	您可能会发现一个有用的升级是从预览中拍摄屏幕快照的新功能。	2
One way companies have tried to manage volatility and financial risks is by hedge accounting.	公司试图管理波动和金融风险的一种方法是对冲会计。	2
One way of surmounting the obstacle of planetary temperature difference is through volcanic activity.	克服行星温差障碍的一种方法是通过火山活动。	0
One way to demonstrate these swings in expectations is to look at the evolution of IMF forecasts for world growth since 2008.	一个显示这些预期波动的方法是审视货币基金组织对 2008 年以来世界增长的预测的演变。	1
One went all night and I was too tired to push the next morning, but they got him out with forceps.	一个晚上都去了，我太累了，第二天早上也不能推，但他们用镊子把他赶出去。	2
One would be if he has pouch bloat, a condition with gas in the pouch.	一种情况是，他的邮袋膨胀，邮袋中有气体。	1
One would expect there be some sexual tension between a young woman and a handsome pirate.	人们预计一名年轻妇女和一名英俊海盗之间会出现一些性紧张关系。	2
On February 18, 1966, Speaker Lamoureux was asked to pronounce on the right of a party with fewer than 12 Members to respond to a Statement by a Minister.	1966 年 2 月 18 日，拉穆卢勒议长被要求就一个成员不足 12 人的政党有权对一位部长的声明作出回应。	1
On how hard he thinks it would be to go out because of an injury rather then on his own terms… I think that it would be tough.	… 他认为因受伤而离开是多么艰难，而不是根据他自己的条件我认为这是艰难的。	2
On June 17 you roof some great photos of the twins at Maitland Community Park and I was wondering how I could purchase those from you?	6 月 17 日，你在梅特兰社区公园（ Maitland Community Park ）拍了几张双胞胎的照片，我想知道我怎么能从你那里买呢？	1
On June 20, Macedonian police caught three smugglers with the valuable but highly toxic metal osmium 187, which they suspect came from Ukraine via Albania.	6 月 20 日，马其顿警方发现三名走私犯，他们发现这些有价值但毒性极高的金属镉 187 ，他们怀疑这些镉是经由阿尔巴尼亚从乌克兰来的。	0
Online Casino has an edge over the others as it offers the freedom to choose the game you want, play when you like and earn money as much as you play.	网上赌场比其他赌场更胜一负，因为它可以自由选择您想要的游戏，在您喜欢的时候玩，并赚取与您玩的一样多的金钱。	0
Online marketing information and research company that uses Internet technology to collect data about consumer attitudes and behavior.	使用互联网技术收集消费者态度和行为数据的在线营销信息和研究公司。	0
Online Order a repeat prescription online In person Tick all the items you require on the order form and post it into the box in the entrance lobby.	在线订购在线重复处方亲自在订单上勾选您需要的所有商品，并将其张贴到入口大厅的包装箱中。	2
Online sport book betting gives everybody the chance to bet on all kind of sports, regardless of the fact that those sports are popular or not in the place where they live.	在线体育书籍博彩让每个人都有机会打赌各种体育运动，无论这些体育运动是否在他们居住的地方流行。	2
Online tax filing is less time consuming and hassle free.	在线纳税申报更省时，更省时。	1
Only 144 responses were received on this question indicating that some of our alumni were unfamiliar with these tests.	对这一问题只收到 144 份答复，表明我们的一些校友不熟悉这些测试。	1
Only 2 fancied the Barmy Arms pub on the riverside so the rest of us flowed into the old Magic Carpet cafe, now called Arthurs On The Water.	只有两个人喜欢河畔的 Barmy Arms 酒吧，所以我们其他人都流入了古老的 Magic Carpet 咖啡馆，现在在水中被称为 Arthurs 。	1
Only about the mouth is there a difference.	只有嘴部才有区别。	2
Only after we receive the 12 booking forms and deposits will Back Track advise if the private group can be confirmed on the dates you have nominated.	只有在我们收到 12 份预订表格和存款后，如果私人团体能够在您指定的日期得到确认，我们才会向您提供返回路线建议。	2
Only a small percentage buy organic on princiole and others do it because the likes of Sainsburys remove choices from the shelves.	只有一小部分人在原则上购买有机产品，而其他人则这样做，因为像塞恩斯布里那样的人从货架上取消了选择。	1
Only Coalition members should be allowed to participate in the development of these priorities.	只有联盟成员才能参与这些优先事项的制定。	0
Only Fumes and Corpses were solid dudes and loaned out a whole bunch of amps.	只有烟气和尸体是固体的灰尘，并借出了一整批安培。	2
Only if one is inspired, can one get to writing on any subject especially like Migraine.	只有当一个人受到启发，才能写任何主题，特别是偏头痛。	2
Only locations that have been extracted with a confidence of 80 or higher can pass through.	只有信任度为 80 或更高的位置才能通过。	0
Only one of the girls had long hair and it was tied in a ponytail.	其中只有一个女孩长发，被绑在一个马尾上。	2
Only ones like Pluto and Saturn are wary of the future given her own emotional temperament.	只有像布鲁托和土星这样的人，因为她自己的情绪性格，才对未来持谨慎态度。	2
Only, she was the most loyal to him out of all the other maids.	只有在所有其他女佣中，她才是最忠诚的。	1
Only the huge bands get away with exactly what they want to do as far as the length of the song or if they get to cuss in the song.	只有大乐队才能真正摆脱他们想要做的事情，就像歌曲的长度一样，或者如果他们在歌曲中遇到问题的话。	1
Only then did I realize I would never see him again.	只有那时我才意识到我再也不会见到他了。	0
Only then does he march against the Christians.	只有到那时，他才会向基督徒前进。	2
Only there would be no homemade Christmas biscuits for River this year.	今年只有河上没有自制的圣诞饼干。	2
Only to those whose hearts are crushed do you draw close.	只有那些心碎的人，你才能近距离接触。	2
Only two presidents were ever impeached by the House of Representatives and aquited by the Senate, Andrew Johnson and Bill Clinton.	只有两位总统被众议院弹劾，参议院任命了安德鲁 · 约翰逊和比尔 · 克林顿。	0
Only when advised to do so by health authorities and your doctor.	只有在卫生当局和您的医生建议您这样做的情况下。	0
Only when these are flooded do the eggs hatch.	只有当这些水被淹没时，才能将鸡蛋孵化。	2
On organizational issues, he noted some parties' concerns with an agenda item relating to consultations on the Russian proposal to develop appropriate procedures for the approval of voluntary commitments.	关于组织问题，他注意到一些缔约方对一个议程项目的关切，该议程项目涉及就俄罗斯关于制定适当程序以批准自愿承诺的提案进行磋商。	0
On our homepage we have included links to other internet websites.	在我们的主页上，我们包括了其他互联网网站的链接。	1
On our table were a young couple from Tasmania, who were great company and very impressed that we had taken the time to visit Tas, and even more impressed we had seen platypus in the wild whilst there!	在我们的桌子上有一对来自塔斯马尼亚的年轻夫妇，他们是一个很棒的公司，我们花时间去了塔斯，给我们留下了深刻的印象，更令我们印象深刻的是，我们在那里看到了野生的鸭嘴兽！	2
On Saturday I went to a gathering of people in honor of a writers' birthday at Niagra.	周六，我在尼亚加拉参加了一个庆祝作家生日的集会。	0
On Saturday midday Israeli tanks targeted two media crews as they were covering the invasion.	周六中午，以色列坦克袭击了两名报道入侵事件的媒体人员。	0
On Saturday Pennine was the only cold and wet place in the north of England, but on Sunday the sun came out, and all weekend the wind was perfect.	周六， Pennine 是英格兰北部唯一一个寒冷潮湿的地方，但周日太阳升起，整个周末的风都很完美。	1
On September 11, our Company had the financial wherewithal to withstand and overcome the dire economic emergency with which it, and our nation, were threatened.	9 月 11 日，我们的公司拥有财政资源，能够抵御和克服它和我们的国家所面临的严峻经济紧急状况。	1
On streets that run north and south, odd numbered addresses are on the west side of the street and even addresses are on the east side.	在向北和向南的街道上，奇数地址位于街道西侧，甚至地址也位于东边。	2
On Sunday we hired private transport and a private guided tour of Auschwitz and Birkenau.	周日，我们租了私人交通工具，并在导游的带领下参观了奥斯威辛和比克瑙。	0
On the basis of the requests to testify, the Presiding Officer of the public meeting will establish a schedule of appearances and prescribe all necessary procedures to ensure that the meeting proceeds in a fair and orderly manner.	根据作证要求，公开会议的主持者将制定出席会议的时间表，并规定一切必要程序，以确保会议以公平有序的方式进行。	0
On the flanks of the valleys, hamlets or isolated farmsteads are located at regular intervals but the higher slopes are not populated.	在山谷的两侧，村庄或孤立的农场定期分布，但较高的斜坡没有人居住。	1
On the gathering tide of darkness ride The argosies of the sky, And spangle the night with their sails of light As the streaming star goes by.	在黑暗的浪潮中，乘着天空的星空，随着流星的推移，用光的帆来旋转夜幕。	1
On the internet you can find plenty of information on this naturist paradise as well as tourism in Andalucia.	在互联网上，您可以找到关于这个自然天堂以及安达卢西亚旅游的大量信息。	1
On the Island of Rügen please drive with your lights on.	在 Rügen 岛上，请在灯亮起的情况下驾驶。	0
On the local level, we see members of special purpose district boards resist reasonable calls to consolidate those districts in order to increase efficiency for taxpayers and improve services for residents.	在地方层面，我们看到特别用途区议会的成员拒绝合理的要求，巩固这些地区，以提高纳税人的效率，改善居民的服务。	2
On the opposite side of that 3 page spread is another equally outstanding painting of USS Quincy followed by her own set of underwater photographs.	这三页的另一面是另一幅同样出色的昆西号航空母舰的画，接着是她自己的水下照片。	1
On the other end Beca could just make out what she was pretty sure was Aubrey crying, clearly in a panic.	在另一端， Beca 只能说出她很确定的是奥布里的哭泣，显然是在恐慌中。	2
On the other hand, for Reding to counter the global spying balance by suggesting more spying is a little hypocritical, considering her rhetoric in recent months following the breakout of revelations this June.	另一方面，考虑到雷丁在今年 6 月揭露事件后近几个月的言论，通过建议更多间谍来对抗全球间谍平衡的做法是一种有点虚伪的做法。	1
On the other hand LCD TVs are made up of thousands of cells containing liquid crystals which are then illuminated by fluorescent backlighting.	另一方面，液晶电视由数千个含有液晶的细胞组成，然后由荧光背光照明。	1
On the other hand, the findings may add weight to the evidence of alienation and disaffection with traditional liberal school education of many adolescent males and the greater attractiveness and relevance some find in VET.	另一方面，调查结果可能会增加对许多青少年男性对传统的自由学校教育的疏远和不满的证据的份量，以及一些人在职业教育和培训中发现的更大吸引力和相关性。	2
On the other hand, the pathology tends to be progressive and can result in loss of condylar bone and development of facial deformity.	另一方面，病理往往是渐进的，可能导致骨膜脱落和面部畸形的发展。	1
On the other hand, the presence of metals in the recyclable stream is one of the biggest problems faced by plastic and glass recycling operations.	另一方面，可循环再循环的流中存在金属是塑料和玻璃再循环操作所面临的最大问题之一。	1
On the other hand, the remnants of the Imperium and the Eldar, while not being in any position to take power, have a strong interest in making sure that there is such a dominant power.	另一方面， Imperium 和 Eldar 的残余势力虽然不能掌权，但在确保存在这样一个主导力量方面有着强烈的利益。	1
On the other hand, you may have to face several local battles.	另一方面，你可能要面对几场局部战争。	0
On the other, it foregrounds one of the meaningful options of a word, focusing the communicators' attention on one of the denotational or connonational components of its semantic structure.	另一方面，它预先提出了一个有意义的词语选择，使传达者的注意力集中在其语义结构中的一个词性或共性组成部分上。	1
On the other side is the burden on the manufacturer to design a product that would have prevented those harms. b.	另一方面，制造商有责任设计出能够防止这些伤害的产品。 b.	0
On the other side of the spectrum, airports from poorer and less developed countries often offer the poorest accommodation experiences.	另一方面，来自较贫穷和较不发达国家的机场往往提供最差的住宿体验。	1
On the records of Lebanon he is usually spoken of with the title of Captain, which may imply that he had been in command of a vessel.	根据黎巴嫩的记录，他通常被称为船长，这可能意味着他曾指挥过一艘船只。	1
On the same tour when we were in Sicile I had such an experience after a dance about the tabernacle of God that uses a silk tent to represent the Tabernacle.	在我们在西西里的同一个旅行中，我在用丝帐来代表会幕的神的帐幕上跳舞后有了这样的经历。	1
On the second floor of this large shop they restore classic cars, and build dragsters.	在这家大型商店的二楼，他们修复了经典汽车，并建造了吊斗铲。	0
On the small island was three dummies with the same markings as all of the other dummies have had.	小岛上有三只哑弹，其标记与所有其他哑弹的标记相同。	0
On the website of the NC Board of Elections there is an instructional video.	全国委员会选举委员会的网站上有一个教学视频。	0
On the winter sun 2006 holiday homepage you can find full details on the latest great value deals throughout europe.	在冬季阳光 2006 假日主页上，您可以找到有关欧洲最新超值优惠的详细信息。	0
On Thursday afternoon, Council Members received a draft Joint Summary of the Chairs, which included the decisions they had adopted.	星期四下午，安理会成员收到了一份主席联合总结草案，其中包括他们通过的决定。	0
On top of that he played really like a machine - very quick and quite good (at least much better than me).	除此之外，他的演奏就像一台机器——非常迅速，相当好（至少比我好得多）。	1
On top of that, it looks like somebody has formed an organization to take over the world!	最重要的是，似乎有人成立了一个组织来接管世界！	1
Onto the premise that regulatory patient does not.	在监管患者不会这样做的前提下。	0
On UShop, add this to the comment field when adding the item to your cart.	在 UShop 上，将商品添加到购物车时，将其添加到备注字段。	1
OOOH Look who the big pig on the streets is now eh??	看着街上的大猪是谁？	1
Opening remarks were made and gift bags were passed out.	会议致开幕词，礼品袋被送出。	1
Open Microsoft Remote Storage on the Archive Server computer where the video restore request was made.	在发出视频还原请求的存档服务器计算机上打开 Microsoft 远程存储。	0
Open the font Sweetdream Normal or a font of your own choice.	打开 Sweetdream Normal 字体或您自己选择的字体。	0
Operating Room Issues Supplies must arrive at the OR in a timely manner and be properly billed to the patient.	手术室问题用品必须及时送达或并向患者正确开具账单。	1
Operations against al Qaeda in Pakistan clearly have been less than successful because of limits on Pakistani cooperation.	巴基斯坦境内针对基地组织的行动显然没有成功，因为巴基斯坦的合作受到限制。	1
Operation Seashell Bomb ongoing: Another floating bomb landed on an Israeli beach.	Seashell 炸弹行动正在进行中：另一枚漂浮炸弹落在以色列海滩上。	2
Operators are expected to handle a large volume of calls ranging from time consuming routine inquiries to urgent high value transactions.	运营商需要处理大量呼叫，从耗时的例行查询到紧急高价值交易。	1
O please o please can somebody read my essay need to turn it in asap?	“请你看我的文章，你能不能不能不能不能再看了？	2
Opposition party PAS had once said it would put Putrajaya up for sale if it ever came to power.	反对党的 PAS 曾经说过，如果普特拉贾亚上台，它将出售。	2
Optimization techniques require a sound technical and analytical knowledge of the system to be optimized.	优化技术要求对系统具备良好的技术和分析知识才能进行优化。	0
Optional round pole and wall Mount adapters available.	提供可选的圆杆和壁装适配器。	0
Oral C. glabrata isolates for which the fluconazole MICs are elevated are commonly those for which the voriconazole MICs are elevated, but these increases may be transient for voriconazole, as they are for fluconazole.	口服丙类玻璃基质分离物的氟氯唑类中等收入国家较高，通常是那些涡旋唑类中等收入国家较高的，但这些增加对于涡旋唑可能是短暂的，而对于氟氯唑，则是短暂的。	2
Or at least I always got that feeling when I talked to him.) He is not a man who hides his views.	或者至少当我和他交谈时，我总是有这种感觉。）他不是一个隐藏着他观点的人。	1
Or at least took their best guess as to where the trainers box once was as now all they could seem was bits of rubble and debris on the floor.	或者至少他们最好地猜测培训师的盒子曾经是什么样子，现在他们所能看到的只是地板上的一些碎石和碎片。	1
Or Callie and Arizona ended up kissing and making out in the bed but Teddy interrupted by lecturing them.	或者卡尔利和亚利桑那州最终吻吻了吻，在床上做了出来，但泰迪却打断了他们的演讲。	2
Order the Geo Distributor Cap you need today or give us a call toll free.	立即订购您需要的 Geo Distributor Cap ，或免费致电我们。	2
Or did they all go their separate ways after Flagship?	还是他们都是在旗舰车型之后以各自的方式走呢？	1
Or did you just want to stick with the easy way out by calling me a shameful greedy bastard based on your assumptions about my motivations?	或者，你只是想坚持简单的方法，根据你对我动机的假设，把我称为可耻的贪婪的小胡子？	1
Or did you want to do something a little more extreme this time, huh?	或者你这次想做一些更极端的事情，呃？	0
Or does the idea of square wave harmonics only exist on paper as a mathematical model, used to PREDICT the natural behavior of the square wave?	或者，方波谐波的概念是否仅作为数学模型存在于纸上，用于预测方波的自然行为？	0
Or even machine basting might make it easier.	甚至连机器烘烤都可以让它变得更容易。	0
Organic farming practices are regarded as being beneficial for the environment by promoting soil quality and sequestering soil organic carbon (SOC).	有机耕作法被认为有利于环境，因为它提高了土壤质量并固化了土壤有机碳。	0
Organizations are encouraged to contact the Foundation for additional guidance.	鼓励各组织与基金会联系以获得更多指导。	1
Or how about programming the yearly changes for Turbo Tax like software?	或者，如何为类似于 Turbo Tax 的软件编程每年的更改？	1
Or how you would come in the morning and push Johns arm until he would invite you into the bed.	或者你是怎么在早上来的，把约翰的手臂推着，直到他邀请你上床的。	2
Or instead of coming up with something catchy to start the new paragraph?	还是不是提出一些新段落的开头部分？	2
Or is it something about the precise words?	还是准确的措辞？	0
Or is there something that I should do about it?	或者我应该做些什么吗？	2
Or is this an exercise in mass manipulation designed to make us support the conspirators?	或者，这是一种大规模操纵行为，目的是让我们支持阴谋分子？	0
Or is this rendition scheduled to make children crazy?	或者，这种引渡是否计划让孩子疯狂？	1
Or maybe Ganondorf can figure something out on his own.	或者也许甘隆多夫可以自己做点什么。	0
Or maybe it left me in a constant state of flux.	也许这让我处于一种不断变化的状态。	2
Or maybe just someone around here doing it for free.	或者，也许只是有人在这里免费做这件事。	1
Or perhaps the community should find an alternative method to raise the money to pay for these types of things.	或者，社会人士应该寻找另一种方法，筹集资金来支付这类费用。	0
Or perhaps the report should only show outages that occur during specific hours of the day; failures on weekends or after hours are expected and should not be included in the report.	或者，报告可能只显示一天中特定时间发生的中断；预计周末或下班后会发生故障，不应包括在报告中。	1
Or simple go for a brisk walk and eat an apple during your lunch break.	或者在午餐休息时，快走一走，吃一杯苹果。	2
Or, situate Beloved against the real historical context of African American life in the years directly following the Civil War.	或者，在内战之后的几年里，将人们所喜爱的非裔美国人生活的真实历史背景作为背景。	0
Or underlying one aspect of our data analysis may influence the conclusions, sometimes reflecting our conscious or unconscious biases or prejudices.	或者，我们数据分析的一个基本方面可能会影响结论，有时会反映我们意识或意识不足的偏见或偏见。	1
Or would George name his child after his twin?	或者乔治会把他的孩子命名为他的双胞胎吗？	2
Or would you pull out all of the weeds, turn over the soil, water and fertilize the flower bed to promote new growth and then plant the flowers?	或者，你是否会拔出所有杂草，翻过土壤和水，施肥花圃，促进新的生长——然后种植花？	1
Or you can do nothing and just soak up the atmosphere.	或者，你可以不做任何事，只是沉浸在气氛中。	1
Or you could drop into the HEXUS.social area and come along to one of our many meets?	或者你可以进入 HEXUS.social 领域，来到我们众多的聚会中的一个？	2
Or you might hear horror stories about how badly your nephew behaved when he was out with his parents.	或者你可能会听到关于你的侄子在和父母外出时表现多么恶劣的恐怖故事。	2
OSIDs make it easier to think about service patterns because each of the services definitions is only a contract.	OSID 使您更容易考虑服务模式，因为每个服务定义都只是一个合同。	1
Other configurations are available for higher powered spot and flood beams.	其他配置可用于更高功率的聚光和泛光光束。	1
Other course elements in the second term include a team project lasting one week, visits to employers including the Met Office, presentations by employed Reading Meteorology graduates and attendance at Royal Met Society meetings.	第二届课程的其他内容包括为期一周的团队项目，对包括 MET 办公室在内的雇主的访问，受雇阅读气象学毕业生的演讲以及出席皇家 MET 协会会议。	1
Other departments underwent such a restructuring process in the past and some will undoubtedly do so in the future.	其他部门在过去也经历过这样的重组过程，而一些部门在未来无疑也会这样做。	0
Other factors, such as the value of collateral securing the loan and the financial condition of the borrower must be considered in determining potential loan losses.	在确定潜在的贷款损失时，必须考虑其他因素，如担保贷款的抵押品价值和借款人的财务状况。	1
Other Jedi stood at the low railing, Jedi with their arms folded into the sleeves of their robes calmly commented on the vigorous activity below; senior Padawans seriously nodded, minding what they were told.	其他吉迪人站在低栏杆边，吉迪的双臂折叠在长袍的袖子里，冷静地评论了下面的活跃活动；帕多瓦人很严肃地点头，对他们所说的内容点头。	2
Other job sites tell you how many times your CV has been viewed but not who has been looking.	其他工作网站会告诉您查看简历的次数，但不会告诉您谁一直在查看简历。	0
Other minor changes were made to the militia act in October 1722.	1722 年 10 月，对《民兵法》作了其他一些小改动。	1
Other organizations bypass the business analysts and jump into the rapid prototyping of agile methodologies.	其他组织绕过业务分析师，并跳转到敏捷方法的快速原型设计。	2
Other potential functions of bestrophin are under study.	目前正在研究虹吸管的其他潜在功能。	0
Other relevant genetic research on the Iberian Peninsula was conducted by The American Society of Human Genetics.	伊比利亚半岛的其他相关遗传研究由美国人类遗传学协会进行。	0
Other restrictions must be applied for using form RX1.	使用表格 RX1 时必须遵守其他限制。	0
Other risks of the wandering is being hit by a car or attacked by a dog or accidently ingesting a toxic substance that a neighbor has inadvertantly left lieing around.	流浪的其他风险是被汽车击中或被狗袭击，或意外摄入邻居无意中留下的有毒物质。	1
Others are geared more towards a Tibetan Tantric approach including journey to the three worlds.	另一些国家则更倾向于采用西藏塔尼特方式，包括三世界之旅。	2
Others are holding out as the cost of porting the applications to Java and maintaining two codebases is infeasible for them.	另一些人则在坚持，因为将应用程序移植到 Java 的成本对他们来说是不可行的，而且维护两个代码库也是不可行的。	0
Others are so funny you will laugh to yourself.	其他人很有趣，你会笑自己。	2
Others did not realise that the amount of contents cover on their home insurance would need to be adjusted or simply admitted they had not got around to it (four per cent each).	其他人没有意识到，他们的家庭保险的保险金额需要调整，或者仅仅承认他们没有得到保险（每人 4 ％）。	1
Others have been more focused on locally based initiatives.	其他一些国家则更加注重基于当地的举措。	1
Others, who were unwilling to get off the truck because of the commotion, quickly became accustomed to the noise.	另一些人因骚乱而不愿下车，他们很快就习惯了噪音。	1
Other than Collin, his dad and Wes no one had ever driven a dirt bike like this so they had to practice on the easier parts.	除了科林，他的父亲和韦斯没有人驾驶过这样的泥土自行车，因此他们不得不在比较容易的地方练习。	0
Other than that I see nothing really wrong with the story.	除此之外，我认为这一故事没有什么真正的问题。	1
Other There are other examples from our field.	其他还有我们领域的其他例子。	1
Other uses Sugammadex has been used for rescue agent in a patient of renal failure who had residual neuromuscular blockade after the use of neostigmine and had acute respiratory distress 19 .	其他用途 Sugammadex 被用于肾功能衰竭患者的救援剂，该患者在使用新肿瘤后患有残余神经肌肉障碍，并患有急性呼吸窘迫 19 。	1
Other vipers from the Red and Blue squadrons cametogether and blasted away at the Cylon spacecraft.	其他来自红蓝两色方形骆驼的人在 Cylon 航天器上炫耀。	2
Other ways of sourcing properties for sale include noting signboards in front of properties and hearing of listings through word of mouth.	其他出售物业的方法包括在物业前留意招牌，以及透过口语听取上市的声音。	1
Otherwise keep an eye out for more walks coming in March.	否则，请留意 3 月将有更多的徒步路线。	1
Otherwise the risk exposure that the financial guarantor as Seller takes at inception of the swap may develop over time into a substantially different risk.	否则，作为卖方的金融担保人在互换开始时所承担的风险可能会随着时间的推移而发展为一种截然不同的风险。	1
Ounces view shipping rates tracking model features coach something for christmas.	盎司查看运费跟踪模型的特色是为圣诞节提供辅导。	2
Our addition has painted concrete floors with bare hardwood throughout the rest of the house.	我们的新建筑在混凝土地面上粉刷，房子的其余部分都是裸露的硬木。	2
Our aromatherapists will be happy to discuss the benefits and options with you.	我们的芳香疗法专家将乐意与您讨论益处和选择。	1
Our association with The Health Arts College based in Melbourne, but now extending to other Australian cities and even Hong Kong spans over 2 years.	我们与墨尔本健康艺术学院的合作已经超过两年，但现在已扩展到澳大利亚的其他城市，甚至香港。	0
Our Bari legal translators are able to provide highly accurate Bari translation for legal contracts or legal documents for accounting purposes.	我们的 Bari 法律译员能够为法律合同或法律文档提供高度准确的 Bari 翻译，用于会计目的。	1
Our bedroom was an area of first restoration.	我们的卧室是一个首次修复的区域。	2
Our Bereavement Care Program is tailored to meet the distinctive needs of families as they deal with the death of their family members and loved ones.	我们的丧亲护理计划是为满足家庭在处理家人和亲人死亡时的特殊需求而量身定制的。	0
Our community is willing to invest in our schools through private donations as well as local taxes.	我们的社区愿意通过私人捐款和地方税收来投资我们的学校。	0
Our company specializes in the production of various plastic packing products and paper packing products, including bulk bags,...	我们公司专门生产各种塑料包装产品和纸包装产品，包括散装袋 ...	0
Our company strategy is to supply customer necessities from the Source in order to gurantee low cost and good quality.	我们的公司战略是从 Source 公司为客户提供必需品，以实现低成本和高质量的目标。	1
Our competition was the consulting arm of a construction company which would give the location consulting work away for free, if the prospective client would also give them the construction project for the new building.	我们的竞争对手是一家建筑公司的咨询机构，如果潜在客户也给他们新建筑的施工项目，它将免费提供地点咨询工作。	0
Our consent will be given subject to you undertaking to assign any costs and benefits received under any relevant insurance policy to ourselves.	我们同意的前提是您承诺将根据任何相关保险单收到的任何成本和福利分配给我们自己。	1
Our contact may have been accidental or intentional the effect is the same; the hot iron will burn us.	我们的接触可能是意外的或有意的，效果是相同的；热熨斗会灼伤我们。	1
Our crew will install the outsulation and set all windows and doors in preparation for the blower door test.	我们的机组人员将安装排气装置并设置所有车窗和门，为鼓风机门测试做好准备。	0
Our current food supply is high in fat, and high fat diets have been suggested to promote obesity by increasing energy intake, thus increasing the probability of positive energy balance and weight gain.	我们目前的食品供应高脂肪，高脂肪饮食被建议通过增加能量摄入来促进肥胖，从而增加正能量平衡和体重增加的可能性。	1
Our customer service department provides integrated support to our international and fixed telecommunications network services subscribers.	我们的客户服务部门为我们的国际和固定电信网络服务用户提供集成支持。	0
Our Dark Lord is gaining his strength quicker and quicker, and more Death Eaters are coming out and showing their true colors.	我们黑暗的主正在更快地获得他的力量，越来越多的死食者出来并展示他们的真实色彩。	1
Our designs change constantly, but the basic nature of the product is always the same- it is something that both reflects your personality, and also takes on some of your personality through use.	我们的设计不断变化，但产品的基本性质始终相同 - 它既反映了您的个性，也通过使用体现了您的一些个性。	1
Our devices are used to widen diseased portions of the coronary artery to increase blood flow.	我们的设备用于扩大冠状动脉的病变部分以增加血流。	0
Our diplomats are rallying our friends and allies throughout the region to share intelligence and to tighten security and to rout out the extremists hiding in their midst.	我们的外交官正在动员我们在整个区域的朋友和盟友分享情报，加强安全，并打击藏在他们中间的极端分子。	0
Our directory is offering you a list of the car repair centres in Riyadh for all your car repairs or servicing.	我们的目录为您提供了一份利雅得汽车修理中心的清单，供您进行所有汽车修理或保养。	0
Our dreams point out to us that we are not all that different from one another.	我们的梦想向我们指出，我们并不是所有的人都有不同。	2
Our Entry Level Mechanical Engineer jobs provide you with an ... as well as professionally with each new Mechanical Engineering project.	我们的初级机械工程师职位为您提供 ... 以及每个新的机械工程项目的专业服务。	2
Our focus was on social and labour market drivers.	我们的重点是社会和劳动力市场驱动因素。	0
Our food is cooked to Pan Fried Seabass, Chargrilled Sweet Potato & Braised order & there may be a slight delay during our busy periods Fennel.	我们的食物是按照煎炸鲈鱼，烤甜土豆和煎饼烹制的，在我们繁忙的几年中，可能会有一些小的延迟。	2
Our fourth chapter discusses the different waste treatment technologies and the impacts on health and environment.	我们的第四章讨论了不同的废物处理技术以及对健康和环境的影响。	1
Our goal is to get you ready for business.	我们的目标是让您为业务做好准备。	0
Our goal is to make the payment process easy and understandable.	我们的目标是让付款过程变得简单易懂。	0
Our goal is to provide a fun environment to facilitate online gaming among adults - everyone is welcome!	我们的目标是提供一个有趣的环境，为成人提供在线游戏 - 欢迎每个人！	0
Our goal is to provide the best education possible in a safe and nurturing environment.	我们的目标是在安全和培育的环境中提供最好的教育。	1
Our grandparents' generation faced the evil of Hitler and the Holocaust, our parents generation that of Stalin and Communism.	我们的祖父母一代面临希特勒和大屠杀的邪恶，我们的父母一代面临斯大林和共产主义。	2
Our greatest gratitude is for the guidance provided by Professor Susan S. Wadley of Syracuse University who designed and led this seminar.	我们最感谢锡拉丘兹大学的苏珊 · 瓦德利教授提供的指导，他设计并领导了这次研讨会。	1
Our half day workshop will help your business.	我们为期半天的研讨会将为您的业务提供帮助。	0
Our Holly just read your Journal with tears in her eyes.	我们的 Holly 在她的眼里流泪地读着你的《日刊》。	2
Our innovative products and solutions help engineers conquer design challenges in the increasingly complex worlds of board and chip design.	我们的创新产品和解决方案可帮助工程师克服日益复杂的电路板和芯片设计领域中的设计挑战。	0
Our intent is to meet new friends, have fun, learn and grow together, read and share good books, and become the ones to realize and live the truly wonderful lives that are ours.	我们的目标是结识新朋友，玩得开心，一起学习和成长，阅读和分享好书，并成为实现和生活真正美好生活的人。	1
Our intestines need a certain amount of bulk in order that the proper action shall take place.	我们的肠道需要一定数量的大容量才能采取适当的行动。	2
Our junior prom came quickly but Bella was reluctant about going.	我们的小道具很快就来了，但贝拉不愿意去。	1
Our Library works with the Gallagher Library at The University of Calgary to optimize service to the geoscience community in the region.	我们的图书馆与卡尔加里大学的 Gallagher 图书馆合作，优化对该地区地球科学社区的服务。	1
Our love of the RV lifestyle drives our priority to develop syuperior products.	我们对 RV 生活方式的热爱推动了我们开发卓越产品的优先考虑。	1
Our lunch ended up cutting into the next session block, although we did sneak into last half of the panel on building blog traffic.	我们的午餐最终进入了下一个环节，尽管我们确实进入了关于构建博客流量的小组的最后一半。	1
Our minibus arrived and we drove back down to Lao Cai to catch the train.	我们的小巴抵达后，我们驱车返回老挝，赶上火车。	0
Our mission is to change the perceived notion that all breast cancers have a lump.	我们的使命是改变人们认为所有乳腺癌都是一个整体的概念。	1
Our news article feeds are not to be used on external websites without permission, except of course personal home pages.	未经许可，我们的新闻文章源不得在外部网站上使用，当然个人主页除外。	0
Our play group is meeting on Wednesday so no fall festival for us.	我们的游戏组将于周三举行会议，因此我们没有秋季庆典。	1
Our principal aim when you search for hotels in San Miguel de Abona is to provide you with the best offers and the highest quality.	当您在圣米格尔德阿波纳寻找酒店时，我们的主要目标是为您提供最佳的服务和最高的质量。	0
Our question is very straightforward, we ask if you post to Twitter and how frequently, and if you update your status in a social network and how frequently.	我们的问题非常简单，我们询问您是否在 Twitter 上发布消息以及发布频率，您是否在社交网络中更新您的状态以及更新频率。	0
Our racer will move tomorrow to Madrid where will be introduce with the spinning creator Jhonny G the * KRANCYCLE .	我们的赛车将于明天搬到马德里，届时将向旋转的创造者 Jhonny G * KRANCYCLE 进行介绍。	1
Our recent European experiences with longitudinal studies show us that the average time one would need to educate those difficult young people accordingly amounts to some seven years.	我们最近在欧洲进行纵向研究的经验表明，教育这些困难的年轻人所需要的平均时间相当于七年左右。	0
Our resort style apartments situated in Peninsular Drive Surfers Paradise are set in peaceful, tropical gardens with swimming pool, spa and barbeque facilities, backing onto the tranquil Nerang River.	我们的度假式公寓位于 Peninsular Drive Surfers Paradise ，坐落在宁静的热带花园中，有游泳池，水疗中心和烧烤设施，背靠宁静的 Nerang 河。	0
Our robust Customer Service department guarantees punctual delivery of your gifts and flowers to Kawasaki and also quick feedback to your queries.	我们强大的客户服务部门保证您的礼品和鲜花准时送至川崎，并为您的疑问提供快速反馈。	0
Our scope of work and conclusions can be found on page 24.	我们的工作范围和结论见第 24 页。	1
Our service offers expanded and enhanced services with a base fee the most competitive in the industry.	我们的服务提供扩展和增强的服务，基本收费是业内最具竞争力的服务。	0
Our site allows you to choose from a full selection of lodging types including airport hotels, luxury hotels, ski resorts, and inexpensive motels.	我们的网站允许您选择各种住宿类型，包括机场酒店，豪华酒店，滑雪度假村和廉价汽车旅馆。	0
Our ski trips that include airfare do not include ski rental.	我们的滑雪之旅包括机票，不包括滑雪租赁。	0
Our song is meant to cheer up the other team, so the game becomes beautiful and fun to play.	我们的歌曲旨在为另一个球队加油，因此比赛变得美丽而有趣。	2
Our sourcing and procurement process enables qualified suppliers to compete for business opportunities.	我们的采购和采购流程使合格的供应商能够竞争业务机会。	1
Our store shelves are always kept stocked full with a variety of goods that are kitchen essentials for most families.	我们的商店货架总是装满各种商品，这些商品是大多数家庭的厨房必需品。	0
Our system is a very useful resource icon illustrator.	我们的系统是一个非常有用的资源图标插图。	0
Our teachers have been working with the boys, 18 discussing learning and giving opportunities for our students to engage their preferred Learning Styles when new concepts are introduced.	我们的教师一直在与男孩合作， 18 人讨论学习问题，并在引入新概念时为我们的学生提供机会，让他们采用自己喜欢的学习方式。	1
Our team has appeared in the pages of every UK national newspaper and on television news.	我们的团队已在英国每一家全国性报纸的页面和电视新闻上出现。	1
Our team of experts is available to accompany you through the process.	我们的专家团队随时为您提供帮助。	0
Our tests did not identify any significant deficiencies, although we found several areas where controls could be strengthened.	我们的试验没有发现任何重大缺陷，尽管我们发现有几个领域可以加强管制。	1
Our two families have been very close throughout my childhood and youth.	我们两个家庭在我的童年和青年时期都非常接近。	2
Our user friendly software allows for shorter ERP software implementation that can be customized to fit the requirements of your business processes.	我们的用户友好型软件允许更短的 ERP 软件实施时间，可以根据业务流程的要求进行自定义。	0
Our web search engine optimization is the process of improving the volume and quantity of traffic to your website from search engines like Google, Yahoo and MSN.	我们的 Web 搜索引擎优化是指通过 Google ， Yahoo 和 MSN 等搜索引擎改善您的网站流量和流量的过程。	1
Out back, there were lots of people milling around enjoying the hot summer afternoon.	在炎热的夏季下午，许多人在外面闲逛。	1
Outlook The first half of 2009 was severely affected by the economic crisis and by the difficulties on the markets addressed by the Piaggio Group.	展望 2009 年上半年受到经济危机和 Piaggio 集团所解决的市场困难的严重影响。	1
Outsource Your Workers Some companies that are struggling make a deal with other partner companies to outsource their workers who are idle.	外包您的员工一些公司正在努力与其他合作伙伴公司达成协议，将闲置的员工外包出去。	0
Outsourcing vendors across the board are moving jobs overseas to cut their own costs and stay competitive with the Indian outsourcing firms.	全面的外包供应商正在将工作转移到海外，以削减自身成本，并保持与印度外包公司的竞争力。	1
Ovarian Reserve Patient Fact Sheet A hysterosalpingogram (HSG) is often completed to confirm patency of the fallopian tubes.	卵巢保留患者概况介绍通常会完成一个歇斯底里细胞图（ HSG ），以确认输卵管是否有专利。	2
Overall and Divisional results may be generated as participants finish this event.	在参与者完成此活动时，可能会生成整体结果和部门结果。	1
Overall, is it still the banks and the big companies that are setting the agenda for what sort of projects are thought up and approved?	总体而言，是否仍有银行和大公司在为哪类项目制定议程？	0
Overall the improvements proposed will have a very positive effect on this site.	整体而言，建议的改善措施会对这幅土地产生非常积极的影响。	1
Over at RMO I am doing a similar poll on whose body the men would most like to have so I thought I would follow along with that theme here.	在 RMO 上，我正在对男性最喜欢的身体进行类似的民意调查，因此我认为我将在这里关注这个主题。	2
Over the months Collin too began to change growing hair and needing to shave he was so excited when he started to grow his first hair wanting to be clean shaven.	几个月来，科林也开始换发，需要剃毛，当他开始长出第一条希望剃毛的头发时，他非常兴奋。	1
Over the past few years I have met many Pakistanis who are completely ignorant of what took place in then East Pakistan.	在过去几年里，我遇到了许多完全不了解当时在东巴基斯坦发生的事情的巴基斯坦人。	1
Over the previous month and after the replacement of the gate fans had been making their way to the door several times a day, often with gifts or just to see the Grand Chase.	在前一个月，在更换大门粉丝之后，他们每天都要去门口几次，通常是买礼物，或者只是去看大大通。	2
Over the weekend the Libertarian Party nominated their candidate for President of the United States and chose former Republican Congressman Bob Barr.	在周末，自由党提名了美国总统候选人，并选出了前共和党议员鲍勃 · 巴尔。	1
Over the years however we have found various sources for such books as part of our regular business.	然而，多年来，我们发现这类书籍的各种来源是我们正常业务的一部分。	1
Over the years, it had been her daughter who had been the adult in their relationship.	多年来，她的女儿一直是他们关系中的成年人。	2
Over the years there have been many changes in medications.	多年来，药物发生了许多变化。	0
Over the years we have seen various developments in the world of personal and housing finance.	多年来，我们看到个人和住房融资领域的各种发展。	1
Over time North America will lose its cheap reliable supply without clever and fair ways to pay for new generation sources.	随着时间的推移，北美将失去其廉价可靠的供应，而没有明智和公平的方式来支付新一代来源的费用。	1
Over time they took on more of a educational role so that customers could find the best rates.	随着时间的推移，他们承担了更多的教育角色，以便客户可以找到最优惠的价格。	2
Overview Specifications Manufacturer Details Shipping Info Reviews The Crossroad Collection from South Sea Rattan is the perfect collection for your bedroom or living room.	概览规格制造商详细信息运输信息评论南海藤的十字路口收藏是您卧室或起居室的理想收藏。	2
Owen spent the day seeing West Point and then participated in training with the players, providing them with some very insightful knowledge with his expertise in the front row.	欧文花了一天的时间去参观西点，然后参加了球员的训练，为他们提供了一些非常有见地的知识和他在前排的专业知识。	0
Owen thought it necessary to reorganize society along new principles.	欧文认为有必要按照新的原则重组社会。	0
Owner is so friendly that you feel like you know him for many years.	主人非常友好，你觉得你认识他已经有多年了。	1
Owner is very accommodating and they have a great back yard with a grill.	主人非常随和，他们有一个很棒的后院和烧烤。	1
Owners, familiarize yourselves with what your dog breed should look like and feel like.	主人，熟悉你的狗的样子和感觉。	2
Own regulatory agencies such comes chronic disease that.	自己的监管机构也会出现慢性疾病。	1
Pach nodded back before he jumped into the air and began to twirl at high velocity like a drill.	巴赫在跳入空中前点头回回，开始像一个钻机那样高速扭结。	2
Package rneos enables the user to pass optimization problems to NEOS and retrieve results within R.	软件包 rneos 使用户能够将优化问题传递给 NEO 并在 R 内检索结果	0
Packets with historical reports were presented to the units and administrators.	包含历史报告的数据包已提交给单位和管理员。	0
Paidion Place exists to partner with you in that journey.	派迪翁广场（ Paidion Place ）是您在这段旅程中的合作伙伴。	1
Painful Encounters by Kat100666 reviews Seeshomaru began a hunt for Naraku, what happens when the hunt turns around and Sesshomaru finds himself locked up in a far away palace being hunted in a different sense.	Kat100666 的痛苦遭遇评论 Seeshomaru 开始寻找 Naraku ，当狩猎转过来时， Sesshomaru 发现自己被锁在一个遥远的宫殿里，在不同的意义上被猎取。	2
Pair it with sultry peep toes, a patent purse, and a blooming hair clip for a look that will have everyone thanking you very much for such rocking style.	将它与细长的脚趾，专利钱包和一个盛开的头发夹搭配起来，让每个人都非常感谢您的这种摇摆风格。	2
Pakistan denied the charge and said it developed the missile, the Times said.	《泰晤士报》报道说，巴基斯坦否认这一指控，并表示它研制了导弹。	1
Paleo Bugs is a guide to insects that lived in the Paleozoic era.	帕莱奥 · 布格斯是生活在帕莱佐时代的昆虫的指南。	1
Palm oil is a vegetable oil used in products ranging from margarine and cosmetics to feedstock for biofuel.	棕榈油是一种植物油，用于从人造黄油和化妆品到生物燃料原料等各种产品。	0
PAL which stands for Phase Alternating Line is a format or system of colour analogue television encoding that is used for the broadcasting of systems of television in several countries.	PAL 代表相位转换线，是一种彩色模拟电视编码的格式或系统，用于在多个国家 / 地区广播电视系统。	1
Pandey is tickled pink that following her lead, many models have begun to release their version of her videos.	潘迪是粉色的，在她的领导下，许多模特开始发布自己的视频版本。	2
Panic attacks can also be difficult to distinguish from drug abuse since any drug that stimulates the brain can cause the symptoms.	恐慌发作也很难与药物滥用区分开来，因为刺激大脑的任何药物都可能导致症状。	1
Pan raised her eyebrows at him and took a deep breath.	潘抬起眼睛看着他，深呼吸。	0
Paradise isle has quietly raced ahead of its Asian neighbours to become the second country behind the Lion City, Hong Kong and Qatar, to shift to image clearing technology to process cheques.	天堂岛已经悄悄地走在亚洲邻国的前面，成为第二个在狮子城，香港和卡塔尔后面的国家，转而采用图像清除技术来处理检查。	2
Paradise Valley Collection Agencies Useful information for Paradise Valley.	天堂谷收集机构提供了有关天堂谷的有用信息。	1
Paradoxically, although women are more likely to be primary carers they are less likely to have paid leave entitlements than men.	矛盾的是，尽管妇女更有可能成为主要照顾者，但她们比男子更不可能享受带薪休假。	1
Parallel Cache Management uses several types of locks to control access to data and resources within a cluster.	并行高速缓存管理使用多种类型的锁定来控制对群集中数据和资源的访问。	1
Parents are welcome to bring a cake and celebrate the birthday with us during our morning or afternoon teatime.	我们欢迎父母在上午或下午茶时带蛋糕和庆祝生日。	0
Parents can support this by reading aloud and discussing different Bible stories.	家长可以通过大声读和讨论不同的圣经故事来支持这一点。	1
Parents of the child are told that their child has a Fairy Godmother.	孩子的父母被告知他们的孩子有一个仙女教父。	1
Parking on the south side of the building is available all day.	大楼南侧全天提供停车服务。	1
Parking passes are available from the hotel free of charge to park on Auckland Road West.	酒店提供免费停车证，可在奥克兰路西停车。	1
Parramatta recalled centre Joel Reddy to replace Chris Walker (hip) against the Cowboys on Saturday, while Carl Webb will make his Eels debut off the bench.	帕拉马塔在周六与牛仔队的比赛中召回了中心乔尔 · 雷迪，以取代克里斯 · 沃克（ HIP ），而卡尔 · 韦伯将在比赛中首次亮相。	2
Participant also agrees to maintain a current postal address to receive notification from the Bankruptcy Noticing Center.	参与者还同意保留当前的邮政地址以接收破产通知中心的通知。	0
Participant observation of a heath technology assessment project.	参加者对健康技术评估项目的观察。	0
Participants also met with service providers, such as the Child Support Enforcement Division and the DC Metro Fatherhood Network.	Participants also met with service providers, such as the Child Support Enforcement Division and the DC Metro Fatherhood Network.	2
Participants from Karolinska Institutet, Uppsala University and Stanford University would like to acknowledge initial support from the Wallenberg Global Learning Network.	来自 Karolinska 学院，乌普萨拉大学和斯坦福大学的参与者希望感谢 Wallenberg 全球学习网络的初步支持。	0
Participants provided a number of comments on the latest draft.	与会者就最新草案提出了一些意见。	0
PArticularly little Ianto and the TARDIS locking them out and the fruits.	特别是小伊南托和塔迪斯把他们和水果锁起来。	2
Part of her wanted to run and never look back, and part of her wanted nothing more than to stay here and make love to him until sunrise.	她的一部分人想跑过去，不想回头看，她的一部分人只想留在这里，爱他直到日出。	2
Part of the larger Hands On Atlanta volunteer organization.	亚特兰大志愿者组织的一部分。	0
Part of the proper care for a rose bush is knowing the best time to plant one.	对玫瑰灌木的适当护理的一部分是知道种植玫瑰的最佳时机。	0
Part of this settlement was the Mexican Government relinquishing any claims over the annexing of Texas into the Union.	这一解决方案的一部分是墨西哥政府放弃了对将德克萨斯并入欧盟的任何要求。	1
Part of this was covered in our Review Process Transparency topic in the forums, where you get a peek behind the scenes.	论坛中的 " 审核流程透明度 " 主题中介绍了其中的一部分内容，您可以在论坛中看到幕后故事。	0
Passengers traveling at fares that require advance reservations and ticketing will be accommodated only on the flight for which they hold a confirmed reservation.	乘坐需要提前预订和机票的票价的乘客只能在他们已确认预订的航班上住宿。	1
Passersby as well as those standing by the stage could hear the message of hope and the need for brotherhood.	路人和站在舞台上的人可以听到希望和兄弟情谊的需要的信息。	2
Passing the bland, red brick façade of the hall, another smaller gate opened onto the local recreation ground.	经过大厅的红砖 façade ，另一个较小的门打开到当地的娱乐场。	2
Past Coaching Experiences Coached youth soccer for several years.	过去的辅导经验指导了几年的青年足球。	1
Past experience has shown however that levels can increase very rapidly when conditions are suitable, so the present state of affairs may be only temporary.	然而，过去的经验表明，如果条件合适，水平会迅速增加，因此目前的状况可能只是暂时的。	1
Pastoral Vocations The Unit worked together with the Education and Community Life Ministries Unit to produce a vocations video, together with an accompanying Study Guide.	该股与教育和社区生活部股合作，制作了一个职业视频，并附带了一份学习指南。	1
Patagonia donates their time, services and at least 1% of their sales to hundreds of grassroots environmental groups all over the world who work to help reverse the tide.	巴塔哥尼亚将他们的时间，服务和至少 1% 的销售额捐赠给全世界数百个基层环境团体，这些团体致力于帮助扭转这一趋势。	0
Patches should be applied as soon as possible.	应尽快应用修补程序。	0
Pathernon Twin Towers Estanplaza Ibirapuera This hotel is situated in the centre of São Paulo, in the residential area of Moema.	这家 São 位于圣保罗（ S ã o Paulo ）市中心，位于 Moema （ Moema ）住宅区。	1
Patience took me all four years to learn and use.	耐心花了我四年时间学习和使用。	1
Patients scheduled for a preoperative clinic visit are seen by a nurse practitioner and anesthesiologist for a history and physical before surgery to assure they are healthy and ready for surgery.	计划进行手术前门诊的患者由护士和麻醉师在手术前查看病史和身体，以确保他们健康并准备好接受手术。	1
Patients with this variant of COPD develop a chronic cough that brings up sputum.	患有此慢性阻塞性肺病（ COPD ）变体的患者会出现慢性咳嗽，从而导致痰。	1
Patricia Ann Perez sentenced to prison for violating probation.	帕特里夏 · 安 · 佩雷斯因违反缓刑而被判处监禁。	1
Patrick shifted slightly closer, his face taking on a more serious cast.	帕特里克稍微走近了一点，他的脸变得更加严肃。	0
Patriot Academy Fans of Patriot Academy The Constitution The US Constitution What do you think about prayer in public...	爱国者学院的粉丝爱国者学院宪法美国宪法你对公共祈祷的看法 ...	2
Pat, who could not quite reconcile herself to being grown up at times never had any problem feeling a mother to her girls.	Pat ，她不能很好地适应自己的成长，但在她的女儿身上感受到母亲的感觉从未有过任何问题。	2
Paul is in the process of replacing all of the aviaries and expanding the number he has.	保罗正在更换所有的救世主并扩大他的人数。	2
Paul says that it is now made manifest for the whole world to see.	保罗说，现在全世界都可以看到这种情况。	0
Paved walkways make the area accessible to persons with disabilities.	铺砌的人行道使该地区成为残疾人无障碍的区域。	0
Pavements with less than or equal to 45 mph posted speed within the limits of pavement after construction for all highways regardless of the number of smoothness opportunities.	所有高速公路在施工后，速度低于或等于 45 英里 / 小时的人行道都在人行道的限制范围内，而不管是否有多少平稳机会。	2
Pay attention to the bad desires that deep inside are no other thing than the desire to manifest GOOD, but looking for it the wrong way.	注意那些深藏在里面的不好欲望，除了希望表现出好的愿望，而是寻找错误的方式。	2
Paychex Media Center: Paychex President and Chief Executive Officer Resigns Paychex offers payroll, payroll services, payroll tax preparation and human resource solutions for any size business.	Paychex 媒体中心： Paychex 总裁兼首席执行官辞职 Paychex 为任何规模的企业提供薪资，薪资服务，薪资纳税准备和人力资源解决方案。	2
Payment and receipts should also be kept for future purposes.	还应保留付款和收据以供将来使用。	0
Payment card transactions shall be processed immediately upon presentation, and employees shall process only one card at a time.	支付卡交易应在出示后立即处理，员工一次只能处理一张卡。	0
Payment triggers shipping and we handle too much volume to catch and combine orders before they ship.	付款会触发发货，我们处理的数量太多，无法在订单发货前捕获和合并订单。	1
PBS Educational Highlights Newsletter Every month, a publication is created to provide teachers a glimpse at the educational value of PBS prime time programming.	《 PBS 教育重点新闻简报》每月出版一份出版物，让教师了解 PBS 主要时间节目的教育价值。	2
Peak Noise Displays the peak noise recorded since the Monitor was connected.	峰值噪音显示自连接监护仪以来记录的峰值噪音。	0
Pearson IT Certification is a publishing imprint born of a tradition of proven learning tools and educational training materials that have helped generations of certification exam candidates succeed.	Pearson IT 认证是一种出版印本，它源于久经考验的学习工具和教育培训材料的传统，帮助几代认证考试考生取得成功。	1
Peddlesden expects to find areas in the county unsuitable for grape growing.	Peddlesden 希望在该县找到不适合种植葡萄的地区。	0
Pema Chodron will some day be reknowned as a very significant spiritual leader, if she is not already.	如果尚不是这样的人，那么在某天里， PEMA Chedron 将被重新称为一个非常重要的精神领袖。	1
Penalty points are assigned for finishing before or after the allotted time.	在分配的时间之前或之后完成时，将分配罚分。	1
Penn State has taken steps to increase funding to its lowest income students through its initiative The Trustee Matching Scholarship Program; but, this is just the beginning of what is needed.	宾州州已经采取措施，通过其 " 受托者匹配奖学金计划 " 增加对其最低收入学生的资助；但是，这只是需要的开始。	2
People are your most prized resource and every decision you make must be weighed by how it will impact your workforce, your customers and ultimately your bottom line.	员工是您最受重视的资源，您所做的每一项决策都必须通过它对您的员工，客户以及最终您的利润的影响来衡量。	0
People can sign all sorts of fake signatures.	人们可以签署各种虚假签名。	1
People coming from entire planet earth use fluid latex entire body paint to color their one point of body display their thoughts.	来自整个地球的人们使用液体乳胶和全身油漆来调色他们的一个身体点来展示他们的想法。	1
People do but then refer to the Pervasive Developmental Disorders as disorders on the Autism spectrum or Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD).	人们只能将普遍的发育障碍称为自闭症谱系或自闭症谱系障碍（ ASD ）上的障碍。	1
People even brought their children over to where I was sitting so they could see the size of my feet, while some of the men had to compare their foot size to mine.	人们甚至把他们的孩子带到我的座位上，这样他们就可以看到我的脚的大小，而有些人不得不将他们的脚大小与我的脚进行比较。	1
People hated Donnan, but he recognized talent and left Richt with a hell of a good situation.	人们讨厌唐南，但他认识到了人才，却把财富留给了一个好的地狱。	2
People have gone through worse and people will go through worse.	人们经历了更糟的情况，人们将经历更糟的情况。	2
People like me and I can make the money to live elsewhere.	像我和我这样的人可以赚钱去其他地方生活。	0
People loved working together when Ron was involved, even if they began their projects disagreeing with each other.	当 Ron 参与进来时，人们喜欢合作，即使他们开始项目时彼此不同意。	1
People not tied to organizations are more free to seek truth.	与组织无关的人更容易寻求真相。	0
People ought to be walking around all day, all through their waking hours, calling to each other in endless wonderment, talking of nothing except that cell....	人们应该整天都在走动，在他们的醒来时间里，在无尽的奇迹中互相呼唤，除了那个细胞，什么都不谈。。。。。。	2
People over the age of 65 should subscribe to Medicare part B to help pay for medical costs.	65 岁以上的人应订阅医疗保险计划 B 部分，以帮助支付医疗费用。	0
People Power Party leader Samak Sundaravej denies giving his comments in response to questions on his qualifications to hold a ministerial post, if the new government is soon to form under the leadership of the PPP.	人民执政党领导人萨马克 · 松达拉韦吉拒绝在对他担任部长职务的资格问题的答复中发表评论，如果新政府即将在人民党的领导下成立的话。	1
People shared anecdotes about Ronald Reagan and a genuine sense of community grew up among those put together.	人们分享了关于罗纳德 · 里根的轶事，在这些人中间形成了一种真正的社区意识。	1
People should try to practice simple hangover cures that retain their body conditions to normal level easily.	人们应该尝试简单的宿醉，使身体条件保持在正常水平。	1
People tend to underestimate his thin frame for weakness.	人们往往低估了他的软弱的瘦框架。	1
People usually assume that men would always want to receive gadgets, autos or car accessories, but thi...	人们通常认为男性总是希望获得小工具，汽车或汽车配件，但这 ...	1
People walked by to her left at the end of the buildings.	人们在建筑物的尽头向她的左边走过。	1
People watch for the talent more than the judges I think.	人们比我认为的法官更关注人才。	1
People were already seated in chairs as well as the Head Leader of the group.	人们已经坐在椅子上，也是小组的领袖。	2
People were in there waiting for hours it looked like, but I barely sat down before my number came up.	人们在那里等了几个小时，看起来是这样的，但我几乎没有坐下来，才有我的人数。	2
People who use their caller ID like an answering service.	使用其呼叫者 ID （如应答服务）的人员。	2
People will breathe more freely and our state will become stronger.	人民将更加自由地呼吸，我们的国家将变得更加强大。	0
People will generally drop off as we get closer to the hike date.	人们通常会在我们接近徒步日期时下车。	2
People with CS also have a high risk of both noncancerous and cancerous tumors of the thyroid and endometrium (lining of the uterus).	患有 CS 的人也有罹患甲状腺和子宫内膜（子宫内膜）非癌和癌肿瘤的高风险。	0
Percy blinked in confusion, looking back down at the paper as if he may have missed something the first couple hours he had tried to decipher it.	Percy 困惑地看着报纸，仿佛他在最初几个小时试图去破译的时候错过了一些东西。	0
Percy looked grateful, but he also looked as though he would never forgive himself, no matter how many times Ron forgave him.	佩西看起来很感激，但他也似乎永远不会原谅自己，不管罗恩多少次原谅他。	1
Perfect for tools, garage accessories and any thing else you want up off the ground.	非常适合工具，车库配件和任何其他您需要的地面设施。	0
Perfect should be a level reserved for the greatest of the great.	完美应该是一个为伟大的人保留的水平。	1
Performance We did not expect much from the WBR-6000 in terms of performance as this router was in fact one of the cheapest available on the market.	性能我们对 WBR-6000 的性能没有太大的期望，因为这款路由器实际上是市场上最便宜的路由器之一。	0
Perform this task to configure the VRF routing protocol.	执行此任务以配置 VRF 路由协议。	0
Perhacs' album was rediscovered by record enthusiasts and grew in popularity with the rise of the New Weird America movement.	佩哈奇的专辑被创纪录的狂热者重新发现，随着新怪异美国运动的兴起，它的人气也越来越高。	1
Perhaps even more exciting is the fact that CSS3 is available to us in a real way this year.	也许更令人兴奋的是，今年我们可以真正地使用 CSS3 。	1
Perhaps greater length was needed at the back for the person the jacket was made for.	对于为其制作夹克的人而言，背部可能需要更长的长度。	1
Perhaps I should hand this over to someone else?	也许我应该把这个交给其他人吗？	1
Perhaps it was hard to imagine that automobiles and personal computers would have generated such astounding sales when, at the time of their creation, they were in no way a necessity of every day life.	也许很难想象汽车和个人计算机在其创立时根本不是日常生活的必需品时会产生如此惊人的销售。	1
Perhaps my hypnosis CD makes so much money that I can afford the low conversion rate.	也许我的催眠 CD 赚了这么多钱，我能负担得起低转化率。	1
Perhaps one of the simplest ways to slim down your alternatives is by taking a look at the cost.	也许最简单的方法之一就是查看成本。	2
Perhaps parents in different religious or ethnic cultures tell more or fewer personal stories to their children in order to instruct or discipline them.	也许不同宗教或种族文化的父母向他们的子女讲述更多或更少的个人故事，以便对他们进行指导或纪律处分。	1
Perhaps tellingly, however, none of the 91 dyads in our data set involves two states coded as having any sort of alliance by COW.	然而，也许令人吃惊的是，我们数据集中的 91 个染料中没有一个涉及两个被编码为具有任何形式的母牛联盟的州。	1
Perhaps the only critique I could offer is that I could have done without the last line.	也许我能提出的唯一批评是，我本可以不带最后一条线去做。	2
Perhaps the only down side for selective ears is the bias toward American accents but one can be selective.	也许只有选择性耳朵的缺点是对美国口音的偏见，但可以有选择性。	2
Perhaps this may help explain the message with Sonic?	也许这有助于解释 Sonic 的信息？	0
Perhaps when the weather improves we could do this?	也许当天气好转时，我们可以做到这一点？	1
Perhaps with all the upset 1080p folks Warner will release a blu ray of this collection.	也许随着所有令人沮丧的 1080p ，华纳将发布这一系列的蓝光。	2
Perhaps you can present some photos of the inside?	也许您可以展示一些内部照片？	0
Perhaps you wanted to show me you have defeated me in the end. I think I always knew who you were.	也许你想告诉我你最终打败了我。我想我总是知道你是谁。	2
Periodic checking of the antenna for cracked or damaged lens or cables is recommended.	建议定期检查天线的镜头或电缆是否破裂或损坏。	0
Permanent Magnet Generator A permanent magnet generator continues to be long sought after by innovative thinkers.	永磁发生器一种永磁发生器仍是创新型思想家长期追求的目标。	2
Permanent movement in this area increases the effect so that the fluid can drain more quickly and an increased absorption of nutrients by the inflamed tissue can be provided.	该区域的永久移动会增加效应，从而使液体能够更快地排放，并增加充气组织对营养物的吸收。	1
Permit yourself to flourish this slice of persistence again.	让自己再次发扬这一持久的一面。	2
Persecution When ET first arrives on Earth, he is immediately pursued and hunted by a team of scientists who may want to harm him.	当 ET 首先到达地球时，他立即被一组可能想要伤害他的科学家追捕和猎杀。	0
Personal computers and peripherals may not be connected to the network or computer without permission of the Superintendent.	未经总监许可，个人计算机和外围设备不得连接到网络或计算机。	0
Personal Details Problems or delays could occur if inaccurate personal details are given.	如果提供了不准确的个人详细信息，可能会出现个人详细信息问题或延迟。	0
Personally I prefer to rinse my brushes after each use but that is because I refuse to cart around umpteen different brushes so I can have one per colour ...	个人而言，我喜欢在每次使用后冲洗刷子，但这是因为我拒绝在几个不同的刷子周围移动，所以我可以每种颜色都有一个刷子 ...	2
Personally, I see one major flaw in a democracy that is without a doubt as glaring a flaw as the simple inheritance of the throne.	我个人认为，民主制度的一大缺陷无疑是一个明显的缺陷，就像王位的简单继承一样。	1
Persons having or suspected of having glaucoma should seek professional medical care for which this forum is not a substitute.	患有或怀疑患有青光眼的人应寻求本论坛不能替代的专业医疗服务。	1
Petals Network is a floral relay service with florists servicing Greenpoint Cemetery, with delivery of flowers and gift baskets to Greenpoint Cemetery.	花瓣网络是一项花卉递送服务，花瓶为绿点公墓提供服务，并将鲜花和礼品篮送到绿点公墓。	2
Peter always had a surplus, so he was careful to prevent relations and reproduction between the humans he farmed.	彼得总是有盈余，所以他小心防止他所养殖的人之间的关系和繁殖。	2
Peter As a local resident it was quite clear that this traffic chaos was to be expected given the sheer numbers expected to attend this event.	作为当地居民，很显然，鉴于预计参加这一活动的人数众多，这种交通混乱是可以预料的。	1
Peter betrayed your mother and father Sirius tracked Peter down Sirius loved James Potter.	彼得背叛了你的母亲和父亲诗丽丝，追踪彼得，而诗丽丝则爱上了詹姆斯 · 波特。	2
PETER Escorts and massage service, We have visiting escorts that not only cover AYOT ST.	Peter 的陪同和按摩服务，我们的陪同人员不仅覆盖 AYOT ST 。	2
Pets are just as prone to heat stroke and exhaustion as humans, however they lack the ability to regulate their body temperatures effectively.	宠物与人类一样容易发生热冲和疲劳，但他们缺乏有效调节身体温度的能力。	0
Pharmacologic perfusion imaging using dipyridamole or adenosine appears to be less affected by antianginal drugs and thus provides an appropriate alternative to exercise (230) in patients who are not taken off cardiac medications before testing.	使用二吡啶或腺苷进行的药物灌注成像似乎较少受到抗阴道药物的影响，因此为在测试前未服用心脏药物的患者提供了锻炼（ 230 ）的适当替代方案。	1
Phenolic and flavonoid compounds are known secondary metabolites that are synthesized in plants.	酚醛和黄油类化合物是已知的二次代谢物，在植物中合成。	0
Phi Kappa Phi reserves the right to access electronic systems' data and messages left on or transmitted over its systems.	Phi Kappa Phi 保留访问电子系统中遗留或通过其系统传输的数据和消息的权利。	0
Philips Dose Wise technology that minimizes your radiation dose.	飞利浦剂量明智技术，可最大限度地降低辐射剂量。	2
Phipps said that the Planning Director has had discussions with the County Commissioners about the interest shown in Neskowin regarding a lighting issue.	菲普斯表示，规划主任与县专员讨论了内斯科文对照明问题的关注。	0
PHOENIX -- An online high school program that targets high school dropouts or those at risk of dropping out has recently seen a spike in enrollment.	菲尼克斯 -- -- 一个针对高中辍学或有辍学风险的学生的在线高中计划最近出现了入学人数激增的情况。	0
Phone Sherpa also has a wallpaper maker that formats any jpg or gif to your exact phone screen size. for wich carrier?	Phone Sherpa 还有一个墙纸制作器，可以将任何 jpg 或 gif 格式化为您的确切电话屏幕大小。对于 Wich 运营商？	2
Photographer Vincent Peters was born and raised in Germany and has been working in the image business since the late 80's.	摄影师 Vincent Peters 出生于德国并在德国长大，自 80 年代后期以来一直从事图像业务。	1
Photorealist paintings like this one explicitly remediate photography.	像这种照片画明确修复了摄影。	2
Photos He went in one direction for a couple of hours before turning around when the paw prints he was following suddenly disappeared.	照片他朝一个方向走了几个小时，然后转身，当他跟随的那张爪印突然消失了。	1
Physicians should ejaculate pharmacy dexamethasone in every arrastrar (seedosage and administration), babbeling into plunk the european ispaghula of nonpyrogenic lol in becauise to and pig of methadone.	医生应该在每一种食管（种籽和管理）中注入药物的甲氧乙胺酮，用白沙酮作为美沙酮的食肉，并将欧洲非热原性的异丙酮（ ispaghula ）打在身上。	2
Physicist, Jürgen Altmann, argues for heading some of this off at the pass by international controls and agreements.	物理学家 Jürgen Altmann 认为，在国际管制和协定的通过下，这种做法的某些方面是有问题的。	1
Physics students and educators can find tutorials dealing with energy and the laws of thermodynamics.	物理学生和教育工作者可以找到有关能源和热力学定律的教程。	1
Pick a day where you have other experience flyers around to help you.	选择一个有其他经验传单的日子来帮助你。	2
Pick a time to give up the very first time and simply go frosty turkey.	选择一个时间放弃第一次的体验，只需去土耳其就行了。	2
Picked up a random Isis chap on his way to a conference in Nashville.	在前往纳什维尔参加会议的途中，随机抽了一个伊西斯小伙子。	1
Pick up the Amityville Screeching Beetle that is on the left wall when you enter the room, if you do not already have one.	如果您还没有房间，请选择您进入房间时左侧墙上的 Amityville 尖叫 Beetle 。	2
Pick up the Bazooka, aim it at the highlighted door to make a hole in it and head down to it.	拿起 Bazooka ，将其对准突出显示的门，在其上打一个洞，然后向下朝它走。	1
Picnic tables on available on zip line site and we can bring cooler with beverage of choice.	高空滑索站点提供野餐桌，我们可以提供冷饮和精选饮料。	1
Pigs are kept to control the ivy in the woods as part of the snowdrop business.	作为降雪业务的一部分，养猪控制树林中的 ivy 。	2
Pigs have been shown not to be susceptible to BSE.	已证明猪不易受到牛瘟的影响。	0
Piling up files accumulating from such behaviors would amount to a tick book waiting to be published.	累积这些行为的文件将相当于一本等待出版的书。	1
Pilots wanted to take off from Reno Municipal Airport, fly to the course, and return to the airport after racing, but Stead had guaranteed ABC that takeoffs and landings could filmed at the ranch.	飞行员想从里诺市机场起飞，飞至球场，并在赛车后返回机场，但他向 ABC 保证可以在牧场拍摄起飞和降落。	2
Pinkville Long time influence on many contemporary portraitists too.	潘克维尔对许多当代形象也有长期影响。	1
PIN Numbers and passwords should only be known to you.	PIN 码和密码只能为您所知。	0
Pioneer intends to continue to lower the suction pressure as production volumes drop until it reaches that design specification.	随着产量的下降，先锋计划继续降低吸入压力，直到达到设计规格为止。	1
Piper and Leo both looked down at their hands and immediately let go of each other.	皮卡和利奥都向下看着他们的手，立即彼此放手。	1
Piper raised her hands in an attempt to vanquish her attacker.	Piper 举起双手试图消灭攻击者。	0
Piping through concrete or masonry walls shall not be subject to any load from building construction.	通过混凝土或砌体墙的管道不应承受建筑施工产生的任何负载。	0
Place a drain pan under the drain tube on the right bottom side of the radiator.	在散热器右下侧的排放管下方放置一个排放盘。	0
Place the filter holder in the machine with the cups underneath.	将滤杯放在机器中，使滤杯位于下方。	0
Place Wilson gardens have plenty of seats to allow watching the world go by.	威尔逊广场花园有充足的座位，可供观看世界的流逝。	2
Placing our son in the crib next to my bed, I lay back down, my left arm above my forehead while my right arm stretched across my abs.	我把儿子放在床旁的婴儿床里，我躺下，左臂在我的前额上方，右臂伸过我的腹部。	2
Plainfield schools offer a total of nine electrician programs.	普莱恩菲尔德学校总共提供九个电工课程。	1
Plan C: Use MPEG Streamclip to pull all the VOBs together, and demux the entire video stream into another file.	计划 C ：使用 MPEG Streamclip 将所有 VOB 合并在一起，并将整个视频流降级到另一个文件中。	2
Plan has adopted an open budget policy and informs the communities about the available resources.	该计划通过了一项公开预算政策，并向社区通报了可用资源。	0
Plantings must be watered consistently once per week during the dry season for the first two years.	在前两年的旱季期间，必须每周对植物进行一次连续的水处理。	1
Plan to arrive every day early in the school day and stay late.	计划每天在开学日提前到达，并延迟住宿。	2
Plants and other vegetative materials are excellent sources of organic matter.	植物和其他植物材料是有机物质的最佳来源。	0
Plaques are given to the top three in each of the five divisions at Eagle River.	鹰河五个分区的前三个分区各有一个牌匾。	0
Plastic fittings are used to create a leak in piping systems made of polymer components.	塑料配件用于在由聚合物组件制成的管道系统中造成泄漏。	1
Platform Lifts are convenient machines that allow a disabled person to be elevated for his or her ease.	平台移位机是方便的机器，可让残障人士轻松地进行移位。	0
Platinum ounces sold are those ounces we produce either as refined ounces or recoverable ounces sold in concentrate.	出售的铂金盎司是指我们生产的精盎司或浓缩中出售的可回收盎司。	1
Players have been called to their seats and the cry of shuffle up and deal has been uttered.	球员们都被叫到了座位上，人们纷纷叫喊着要洗牌和交易。	0
Players must combine their private cards with the community cards to produce the highest possible hand.	玩家必须将他们的私人卡与社区卡结合起来，才能产生尽可能高的手。	2
Playing around with your fuel and boost gauge in partnership and monitoring the EGT and black smoke and you will find a happy place.	与您的燃油和增压表合作，监测 EGT 和黑烟，您将找到一个快乐的地方。	2
Playing at 6200 yards form the White Tees the course is not exceptionally long or hilly, so those seeking exercise will find it to be an enjoyable walking golf course.	在白牛场（ White Tees ）的 6200 码处打高尔夫球，球场不是特别长或多山，因此那些想锻炼的人会发现这是一个令人愉快的步行高尔夫球场。	1
Playing in the shower is fun when you have the right equipment.	当您拥有合适的设备时，在淋浴间玩耍非常有趣。	0
Play pool like the pros with an Imperial International pool stick.	使用 Imperial International Pool Stick 玩泳池，就像专业人士一样。	1
Play Retro Games without Retro Consoles This applies to the geeks who enjoy gaming.	不使用 Retro Consoles 玩 Retro Games 这适用于喜欢玩游戏的人。	1
Pleading with one other to each other again...	再次相互恳求 ...	0
Please also do come along to Edinburgh Backgammon.	也请前往爱丁堡的巴卡蒙。	2
Please be assured that I am not advocating wholesale change.	请放心，我不是在倡导全面变革。	0
Please be aware that support for Downyhood Cartoon Screensaver is available from the publisher site.	请注意，发布者网站上提供了对 Downyhood Cartoon Screensaver 的支持。	2
Please be gracious if you receive multiple copies of this notice, we are encouraging everyone to forward it to as many people as possible.	如果您收到此通知的多份副本，请保持亲切，我们鼓励每个人将其转发给尽可能多的人。	2
Please bring Aragorn and Legolas together and Thranduil should be in it, too.	请将阿拉戈恩和列古拉斯结合起来，特兰杜伊也应该在其中。	2
Please bring plenty of liquids to keep you hydrated along with whatever you choose to keep your energy up.	请携带充足的液体，让您保持水分，同时选择保持精力充沛的物品。	0
Please browse our work on the left and then send us an email to find out more.	请浏览左侧的工作，然后发送电子邮件给我们了解更多信息。	0
Please call us for a sampling of our most recently satisfied customers.	请致电我们，了解我们最近最满意的客户的示例。	0
Please check the neighboring countries for the nearest Embassy of Belize that covers the territory of Montserrat.	请向邻国查询最近的伯利兹驻蒙特塞拉特大使馆。	0
Please click here to read our Terms of Use Agreement.	请单击此处阅读我们的使用条款协议。	0
Please click on the plan below that works best for you.	请单击下面最适合您的计划。	0
Please complete the facility request form located on the campus forms site via the web.	请通过网络填写校园表格站点上的设施申请表。	0
Please complete the following form, print it out and send to us by mail or fax.	请填写以下表格，打印并通过邮件或传真发送给我们。	0
Please considering coming and feel free to share this offering with other women you think might be interested.	请考虑来此与您认为可能感兴趣的其他女性分享此优惠。	1
Please consider uploading a photo as it will help us identify you at our events and for the purpose of tagging you in event photos.	请考虑上传照片，因为它将帮助我们识别您在活动中的身份，并在活动照片中标记您。	1
Please contact GCTTS if you are considering releasing a water turtle.	如果您正在考虑释放海龟，请联系 GCTTS 。	1
Please contact IESA office if you need to assess a deficit.	如果您需要评估赤字，请联系 IESA 办事处。	0
Please contact us for information on your nearest dealer.	有关您最近的经销商的信息，请联系我们。	0
Please contact us to see which upgrades can be made to your equipment, in order to be well prepared to take part of the workshop.	请联系我们，了解可以对您的设备进行哪些升级，以便为参加研讨会做好充分准备。	0
Please continue to support us by clicking on the link below.	请单击以下链接继续为我们提供支持。	0
Please describe why you would like to join the EAG.	请说明您希望加入 EAG 的原因。	0
Please donate ANY amount to this great cause.	请向这一伟大事业捐赠任何金额。	1
Please do yourself a favor and quietly go back under the rock from which you came, before you embarrass yourself and your fellow countrymen any further.	请帮自己一个忙，静静地回到你所来的岩石下，然后再让你自己和你的同胞尴尬。	2
Pleased with selection of speakers (Rose of Quinn and Rose) I wold have liked to hear more from her.	我很高兴选择了几位发言者（奎恩的玫瑰和玫瑰），我希望能听到更多的来自她的声音。	1
Please, enjoy the meager bit I've been able to churn out on a half functional brain.	请尽情享受我在半功能性大脑中的小部分。	2
Please enter through the door to the left of the garage.	请通过车库左侧的门进入。	0
Please enter your information below to receive a Free Consultation from an attorney in your area: Zip Code: Frequently Asked Questions About Product Liability When is a product defective?	请在下面输入您的信息，以从您所在地区的律师处获得免费咨询：邮政编码：有关产品责任的常见问题商品何时存在缺陷？	0
Please enter your zip code to find the best sign company in your area.	请输入您的邮政编码，查找您所在地区的最佳签名公司。	1
Please feel free to contact us for a free sample.	请随时联系我们获取免费样品。	0
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions or suggestions for our software.	如果您对我们的软件有任何疑问或建议，请随时与我们联系。	0
Please follow this link to the Microsoft website to learn more about our secure asset disposal program.	请通过此链接访问 Microsoft 网站，了解有关我们安全资产处置计划的更多信息。	0
Please help us expand this section of our Atlanta World Guide.	请帮助我们扩展《亚特兰大世界指南》的这一部分。	1
Please join us as tickets will be sold out fast....	请加入我们，因为门票很快就售罄了…	0
Please let me know if you want to make a trip down to Mt Ruapehu sometime...	如果你想去鲁阿佩胡山，请告诉我。。。。	2
Please let me know so I finalize everything w Cheryl.	请告诉我，我完成了所有与 Cheryl 的事情。	1
Please make any requests for information to us at the address below.	请在以下地址向我们提出任何信息请求。	0
Please no derisive comments about how bad it is.	请不要对它有多糟糕的评论。	1
Please note that Symantec reserves the right to remove any fix from the targeted release if it does not pass quality assurance tests.	请注意， Symantec 保留在未通过质量保证测试的情况下从目标版本中删除任何修复程序的权利。	0
Please note that the following documents are advance copies subject to change in the final versions.	请注意，以下文档为预发本，最终版本可能会有所更改。	0
Please note that the Russian embassy will only accept original documents.	请注意，俄罗斯大使馆只接受原件。	0
Please note that this test may be taken online from any computer with internet access.	请注意，此测试可以从任何可访问互联网的计算机在线进行。	0
Please note: this is NOT a tourist phrase book, although it does contain basic phrases which are useful in everyday life, rules for pronunciation, important vocabulary and basic grammar.	请注意：这本书不是旅游短语，尽管它确实包含了在日常生活中有用的基本短语，发音规则，重要词汇和基本语法。	1
Please post your experiences and tips here then print out flyers and posters to help spread the word.	请将您的经验和技巧张贴在这里，然后打印传单和海报，帮助传播信息。	0
Please read on to find out more about gaming.	请继续阅读以了解有关游戏的更多信息。	0
Please remember that you must be a member of the booster club before your child attends a camp.	请记住，您必须是助推器俱乐部的成员，然后您的孩子才能参加训练营。	1
Please remove any remains from smoking before checking out.	请在退房前清除所有残留的烟味。	1
Please say hello to God and Grandad Terry.	请向上帝和爷爷特里问好。	0
Please see our Term & Conditions page for more details about London Guest Suites policies.	有关伦敦套房政策的更多详细信息，请参阅我们的条款和条件页面。	1
Please see the certificates below for full measurements.	请参阅以下证书以了解完整测量。	0
Please select the waterway from the box below and then the prints you would like to see.	请从下面的方框中选择水道，然后选择您希望看到的照片。	1
Please show me an example, because I can show you all kinds of information on the military contractors I listed.	请举一个例子，因为我可以向你们展示我所列举的军事承包商的各种信息。	1
Please submit them in the dedicated area on the messageboard.	请将它们提交到消息板上的专用区域。	0
Please try and get this right otherwise I will have to stop listening to the podcasts out of sheer irritation.	请尽量纠正这种情况，否则我将不得不停止听播客的声音，因为这是纯粹的刺激。	2
Please visit the Integrated Systems' Getting Started webpage to determine the current procedure.	请访问 Integrated Systems 的 Getting Started （使用入门）网页以确定当前程序。	1
Please wear light and comfortable clothes and please consider bringing an extra (dry) shirt for the journey home.	请穿上轻便舒适的衣服，并考虑为回家之旅额外带一件（干）衬衫。	0
Plenty of white and Latino men engage in the same behavior.	许多白人和拉丁裔男子从事同样的行为。	1
Plumbing was one area of expertise that I had really no concerns about.	管道是我真正不担心的专业领域。	2
Plus 2: Flexibility The number of storage units as well as the number and position of the access points can be freely selected!	加 2 ：灵活性可以自由选择存储单元的数量以及接入点的数量和位置！	0
Plus Design Premium integrates with Adobe CS Live online services to maximize your design time by streamlining critical nondesign tasks.	Plus Design Premium 与 Adobe CS Live 在线服务集成，通过简化关键非设计任务来最大限度地延长设计时间。	0
Plus their neighbouring country has zero inside knowledge of this plane.	此外，他们的邻国对这架飞机一无所知。	0
Plus, there was still the government test to pass, which far from dumbing down, has got harder over the years, as a method of addressing the new situations that riders face.	此外，政府仍在通过测试，这项测试远非自若，多年来变得更加艰难，是应对骑手面临的新局面的一种方法。	2
Plus, you can heart your burrito in the public microwave, slather on some yellow stuff that resembles cheese and tastes like heaven and go home and eat that nutritional powerhouse while your game loads.	另外，你可以把玉米煎饼放在公共微波炉里，在一些像奶酪的黄色东西上撒出来，尝起来像天堂一样，回家在你的游戏中吃营养的力量。	1
Polar Bear populations have been increasing over the decades and not decreasing.	北极熊的数量在过去几十年中一直在增加，而没有减少。	0
Police and Registration Authorities could also be in line with the implementatiom of an additional inspection, but they do not have expert knowledge and the equipment as test centres.	警察和登记当局也可以与额外检查的实施相一致，但他们不具备作为测试中心的专家知识和设备。	1
Police had been speaking to his family over the weekend but had not found anything which led to his whereabouts.	警方在周末与他的家人交谈，但没有发现导致他下落的任何东西。	1
Police then arrived along with an ambulance, and the residence was roped off.	警察随后随同救护车抵达，住所被人抢劫。	2
Policies that restrict access to sterile syringes and opiate substitute fit this description.	限制获得无菌注射器和阿片剂替代品的政策符合这一描述。	1
Policy and decision making in the Council reference theory and research and the values of the organization..	理事会的政策和决策参考了理论和研究以及本组织的价值观。	1
Policy implementation will be coordinated by a scholarly communications officer, a member of the library staff designated by the director of libraries.	政策的执行将由一名学术交流干事协调，该干事是图书馆主任指定的一名图书馆工作人员。	0
Policy measures should be further developed to improve the efficiency of the use of existing transit transport infrastructure facilities.	应进一步制定政策措施，提高现有过境运输基础设施的使用效率。	0
Politicians are very good at this, when a subject is brought up that you feel unconformable with or are struggling to understand it.	当一个主题被提出来时，你感到不符合或正在努力理解时，政治家对此非常好。	2
Politicians rarely take positions that are likely to be unpopular and they need to cater to the interests of their friends in the industries that benefit from high consumption.	政客很少采取可能不受欢迎的立场，他们需要照顾在高消费行业中的朋友的利益。	0
Poor Ginny waking up to Hermione and Ron fooling around in the kitchen.	可怜的吉尼醒来后，赫米尼和罗恩在厨房里四处走动。	1
Pornography crosses the line as its no longer an artistic expression that honors God in any way!	色情制品跨越了界线，因为它不再是以任何方式尊敬上帝的艺术表现！	2
Port Captain The person who plans stowage and supervises loading and discharging of vessels.	港口船长负责安排船舶的装载和卸载并监督船舶的装载和卸载。	2
Portraits of Earl Mountbatten and other luminaries are hung in the Richard Hillary room, a superior double with quaint décor and quirky touches like royal wedding pots on the windowsill.	Earl Mountbatten 和其他灯具的肖像挂在 Richard Hillary 的房间里，这是一间高级双人房，装饰古雅，装饰奇特，像在窗台上的皇家婚宴盆。	2
Portugal was meant to vote on the Constitution in March or April.	葡萄牙打算在 3 月或 4 月就《宪法》进行表决。	0
Posey grounded the ball to Troy Glaus, who has not played much third this season, and Glaus passed up on the play at home and went around the horn for an inning ending double play.	波西将球传给了本赛季未打过 3 分的特洛伊 · 格劳斯，而格劳斯在主场比赛中跳过，绕着喇叭转了一圈，最终以 2 比 1 的成绩结束了比赛。	2
Position your business at the commercial centre of Dubailand, and see opportunities unmatched.	将您的业务定位在 Dubailand 的商业中心，并看到无与伦比的机会。	1
Positive case pressure is great for blowing out dust, so why introduce it in high volume.	正壳压力非常适合吹出灰尘，因此为什么要将其引入大容量。	2
Possibility reviews Hazel Cullen is the adopted daughter of Rosalie and Emmet Cullen.	可能性评论 Hazel Cullen 是 Rosalie 和 Emmet Cullen 的领养女儿。	1
Possible advantages of mobile phone messaging include convenience to both patients and healthcare providers, reduced waiting times for health services and healthcare costs.	移动电话消息传送的可能优势包括方便患者和医疗服务提供商，缩短医疗服务等待时间和降低医疗成本。	1
Possibly you believe the very best factor to complete would be to start dating another guy in order to help make your ex seethe with jealousy.	也许您认为完成这项工作的最佳因素是开始与另一个家伙约会，以便帮助您以嫉妒的方式进行前科。	2
Postal Inspection Service The investigative arm of the Postal Service responsible for investigating criminal acts involving the mails and misuse of the postal system.	邮政署的调查部门，负责调查涉及邮件和滥用邮政系统的犯罪行为。	0
Posted on March 19, 2010 by Carolyn Elefant Biglaw has its annual and closely watched profits per partnership or PPP extravaganza, while Above the Law devotes an entire category to biglaw associate salaries and cuts.	2010 年 3 月 19 日由 Carolyn Elefant Biglaw 发布，每年都有密切关注的每一伙伴关系利润或公私伙伴关系的奢侈，而在上述法律中，整个类别都用于偏执关联人的薪金和削减。	2
Postgraduate representative opportunities - At Trinity, there are several ways to get involved with College, to be a part of the decisions that affect your studies and postgrads in general.	研究生代表机会 - 在 Trinity ，有多种方法可以参与学院的学习，成为影响您的学习和研究生的决策的一部分。	1
Postponements are costly and inconvenient for our clients.	延期对我们的客户来说成本高昂且不方便。	0
Potato Salad recipes Cooking For Guests Potato Salad is personal again.	土豆沙拉食谱为客人烹制土豆沙拉，再次是个性化的。	2
PO: the reason we called you here is that the two friends of yours raided the cookie store.	Po ：我们在这里给你打电话的原因是你的两个朋友袭击了饼干店。	1
Pottery is fired ceramics with clay as a component.	陶瓷是用粘土作为一个组成部分的明火陶瓷。	1
Pour the warm zucchini foam around the tartar.	将温暖的西葫芦泡沫浇在塔塔上。	2
Powder blue poison arrow frog Using their long sticky tongues poison dart frogs feed mostly on small insects, particularly termites and ants.	粉末蓝毒箭青蛙用其长黏舌毒液青蛙主要喂食小昆虫，特别是白蚁和蚂蚁。	1
Power Play CSO January 2007: Electrical utilities have developed converged standards for protecting and managing risks.	2007 年 1 月电力竞赛 CSO ：电力公司制定了保护和管理风险的融合标准。	0
Practice also clarifies and strengthens the neural connections that are formed while we confront new and familiar material, thus allowing us to build deeper comprehension and cognitive schemas.	实践还澄清和加强了我们面对新的熟悉材料时形成的神经联系，从而使我们能够建立更深入的理解和认知架构。	1
Practice commenced with me doing what I ought to do as a Regular.	实践始于我做我应该做的事。	0
Practice independently to provide cares to a patient and perform similar duties performed by a physician unless surgery or special treatment is required.	独立实践，为患者提供护理，并执行医师执行的类似职责，除非需要手术或特殊治疗。	2
Practise walking away when you feel very angry until you can find time to release it safely.	当您感到非常愤怒时，练习走开，直到您找到时间安全释放它。	1
Prayer would be said somewhere in a Methodist church in the country.	在这个国家的卫理公会教堂里，人们会说祷告。	1
Precision Mold ing & Tooling At THY, every stage of our vertically integrated process is overseen by the experienced principle partners of the company.	精密模具和模具在您的工作中，我们垂直集成流程的每个阶段都由公司经验丰富的主要合作伙伴监督。	2
Preference Shares These shares guarantee that if a dividend is paid, preference shareholders get the first part of it.	优先股这些股份保证，如果股息得到支付，优先股股东将获得股息的第一部分。	0
Pregenetic Testing of Embryos– There have been exciting advances in our ability to examine embryos for genetic defects.	胚胎的发育测试—我们在检查胚胎遗传缺陷的能力方面取得了令人兴奋的进步。	0
Preparation and response letters for DEPARTMENT signature on public comments.	编写和答复函，供新闻部在公众评论上签字。	1
Prepare the Actichlor plus cleaning solution in ventilated area.	在通风区域准备 Activchlor PLUS 清洁液。	0
Prepare to throw down as you take the battle of the hardwoods to the next level.	当你把强硬派的战斗提升到一个新的水平时，准备好抛下。	2
Preparing Rinse the cabbage in cool water just before cutting and cooking.	在切割和烹饪之前，在凉爽的水中准备卷心菜。	1
Presenters will receive feedback from the Steering Committee and other workshop participants.	演讲者将收到指导委员会和其他研讨会参与者的反馈。	0
Presenting Organization must provide area for one 15-foot truck and one car at performance site, and safe overnight parking for truck if requested.	展示组织必须在性能现场提供一辆 15 英尺卡车和一辆汽车的区域，并在需要时为卡车提供安全的过夜停车位。	1
Presently, RÃ©thoret is working as a board member in big financial organization and is still serving the same with that same level of zeal and dedication.	目前， RÃ©Thoret 在大金融组织中担任董事会成员，并以同样的热情和奉献精神为其服务。	1
Present results add credence to the view that borderline psychopathology is associated with ways of understanding relationships that are pervasively unintegrated and are often imbued with both hostility and helplessness.	目前的结果使人们更加相信，边缘性心理病理学与理解关系的方式有关，而这些关系普遍不融合，往往充满敌意和无助。	2
President Bill Clinton has made workplace safety and health a high priority as evidenced by our publication this week of a new regulation on ergonomics to protect workers from musculoskeletal disorders.	比尔 · 克林顿总统将工作场所安全和健康列为高度优先事项，我们本周发布了一项关于人体工程学的新法规，以保护工人免受肌肉骨骼疾病的影响。	1
President Tu points out that as global industries go green, it is more difficult to gain access to wood.	图总统指出，随着全球工业走向绿色，获得木材的机会将更加困难。	1
Press Download button to download Bosson Song For Noa mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按下载按钮下载 Bosson Song for Noa MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方显示的说明进行操作。	0
Press Download button to download Einsturzende Neubauten Der Tod ist ein Dandy mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按“下载”按钮下载 Einsturzende Neubauten Der Todd ist ein Dandy MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方的说明进行操作。	0
Press Download button to download Geddy Lee Still mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按“下载”按钮下载 Geddy Lee Still MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方的说明进行操作。	0
Press Download button to download General Public Limited Balance mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按“下载”按钮下载通用公共有限余额 MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方显示的说明进行操作。	2
Press Download button to download Madness Coldest Day mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按下载按钮下载最疯狂的 MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方显示的说明进行操作。	2
Press Download button to download Marduk Beast Of Prey mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按下载按钮下载 Prey MP3 的 Marduk Beast 并按照曲目列表上方的说明进行操作。	1
Press Download button to download Marvin Gaye Sad Tomorrows (Original Single Version) mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按下载按钮下载 Marvin Gaye Sad Tomorrows （原始单个版本） MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方显示的说明进行操作。	0
Press Download button to download Pinback Devil You Know mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按“下载”按钮下载“ Pinback Devil You Know MP3 ”，并按照曲目列表上方的说明进行操作。	0
Press Download button to download Saint Preux Free Yourself mp3 and follow the instructions which will appear above the track list.	按下载按钮下载 Saint Preux Free Yourself MP3 ，并按照曲目列表上方的说明进行操作。	0
Press the buttons to select VCR, then press the ENTER or button.	按按钮选择 VCR ，然后按 ENTER 或按钮。	2
Press the entire Intrinsa patch firmly against your skin with the palm of your hand for about 10 seconds.	用手掌将整个 Intrinsa 贴片紧紧地压在皮肤上约 10 秒钟。	0
Pretty effects but not much else going for it.	效果很好，但没有什么其他的了	2
Pretty much nothing has happened since then, and I am wondering if you could point me in the direction of the original requester for that wiki.	此后几乎没有发生过任何事情，我想知道你是否可以告诉我该维基的原始请求者的方向。	1
Pretty simple item - was pleased to see that it is very well made and has a small hole which allows it to be hung.	相当简单的项目——很高兴看到它做得很好，有一个小孔，允许悬挂它。	2
Pretty soon all of rookie 12 and their instructors had their own tents and their own slogans and set up pitch in the park.	不久，所有的新人 12 和他们的教练都有自己的帐篷和自己的口号，并在公园里设置了球场。	1
Prevention tips Because young children often are in close contact in day care centers and school rooms, it can be difficult to avoid the spread of bacteria causing pink eye.	预防提示由于幼儿经常在日托中心和学校房间内保持密切联系，因此很难避免导致粉红眼的细菌传播。	2
Previously I thought only Joel Hodgson could get in on that action.	以前我认为只有乔尔 · 霍奇森能够参与这一行动。	0
Previous: Risk factors Next: Preparing for your appointment Preparing for your appointment While you might first discuss your symptoms with your family doctor, he or she will probably refer you to a neurologist for further evaluation.	上一篇：风险因素下一篇：为预约做准备在预约时，当您可能首先与您的家庭医生讨论您的症状时，他或她可能会将您推荐给神经学家进行进一步评估。	2
Price Guarantee Seen a lower price for the Schreiber Model 5051 Contra Bassoon?	Schreiber 5051 型 Contra Bassoon 的价格保证较低？	1
Price is what you pay one time, when you purchase the furnace and it varies considerably from brand to brand and company to company.	价格是您一次购买熔炉时所支付的价格，而这种价格因品牌和公司而有很大差异。	0
Price levels in this kind of shops tend to be significantly smaller compared to costs in virtually any new electronics store.	这类商店的价格水平往往比几乎任何新电子商店的价格都要低得多。	0
Price quickly took the bag off his shoulder and placed it on the ground.	价格很快就把袋子从他的肩膀上取下，放在地上。	2
Priests The Flash Heal from Surge of Light will now correctly activate Chakra.	祭司从光浪中获得的闪光海神现在将正确激活 Chakra 。	2
Priligy dapoxetine has a compact half life, which works to significantly mark down the passion of any side effects, making it a safely and economic retreat to discuss your condition.	Priligy dapoxetine 具有紧凑的半衰期，它可以显著地标记出任何副作用的热情，使它成为一个安全经济的休憩之所来讨论您的状况。	1
Primrose together with our mother Emma visited me.	Primrose 和我们的母亲 Emma 一起拜访了我。	0
Primula vulgaris is a species of Primula native to western and southern Europe, including the British Isles.	Primula vulgaris 是包括英国群岛在内的西欧和南欧的 Primula 物种。	1
Primus had continued to run, not saying a word as he did so.	Primus 继续奔跑，而不是像他那样说一句话。	2
Prince of Ambition by fleurily reviews Cyril Kamelot was always a spoiled child, and it was only natural that he grew into a spoiled young man…	《野心王子》（ Prince of Dambily ）的评论是，西里尔 · 卡梅洛特（ Cyril Kamelot ）总是一个被宠坏的孩子，他自然会成长为一个被宠坏的年轻人……	1
Princess Charlotte will be a permanent guest to the house of Mommy Ellen.	夏洛特公主将是妈妈埃伦家的永久客人。	2
Print media consumers primarily watched Fox News, greater were more educated and CBS viewers were attention to news modestly increases the less well educated and more Democratic.	印刷媒体消费者主要观看福克斯新闻，教育程度更高， CBS 观众对新闻的关注程度略有提高，教育程度较低，民主程度较高。	1
Prior to 1999, schools received a set amount of money from the state to undertake professional development activities aimed at improving student achievement.	在 1999 年之前，学校从国家获得了一定数额的资金，用于开展旨在提高学生成绩的专业发展活动。	0
Prior to initialization, a var object has type String and a length of zero.	在初始化之前， var 对象的类型为 String ，长度为零。	0
Prior to Newfoundland it did leave Europe from Southampton in Southern England.	在纽芬兰之前，它确实从南英格兰的南安普敦离开了欧洲。	2
Prior to Reed MIDEM, he worked with The Boston Consulting Group in New York and Paris.	在加盟里德 · 米德尔（ Reed MIDEM ）之前，他曾在纽约和巴黎的波士顿咨询小组工作。	0
Prior to the commencement of the development hereby approved, Goole Road must be improved and made up to adoption standard in accordance with details to be submitted and approved in writing by the Local Planning Authority.	在发展计划获得批准前，果乐道必须根据详细资料加以改善，并由地方规划当局以书面形式予以批准，以达到采用标准。	0
Prior to working at Select Equities, David worked as a fund manager at Warakirri Asset Management, Credit Suisse Asset Management and HSBC Asset Management.	在 Select Equities 工作之前， David 曾在 Warakirri Asset Management ， Credit Suisse Asset Management 和 HSBC Asset Management 担任基金经理。	0
Proactively identifies issues and restructures relationship to mitigate potential future risk ...	主动发现问题并重新构建关系以降低潜在的未来风险 ...	0
Probably because it is slightly more accessible than most of their output.	可能是因为它比大多数输出更容易访问。	0
Probably sent them Yong Soo on purpose, just because Rizal made their lives somewhat difficult.	也许是因为里扎尔让他们的生活变得有些困难而故意把他们送到了龙秀。	0
Probably the best housekeeping of any hotel I have stayed at.	可能是我住过的酒店中最好的客房服务	1
Probably the most frequently asked question in any job interview is not really a question at all.	也许在任何工作面试中最常见的问题都不是真正的问题。	1
Probably the most important ideas at the back of a loan is organising a just right credit score history.	贷款背后最重要的想法可能是组织一个正确的信用评分历史。	2
Probably the most troublesome are abbreviated journal titles as they can make finding a journal difficult.	最麻烦的可能是缩写的期刊标题，因为它们会使寻找期刊变得困难。	0
Probably toward his studio on the second floor.	可能是他在二楼的工作室。	1
Problems With Renting Your House While you may have excellent reasons for renting your house, consider the following before giving up on selling your house.	出租你的房子的问题当你可能有充分的理由出租你的房子 , 考虑以下 , 放弃出售你的房子 .	2
Process in an ice cream processor until thick.	在冰淇淋处理器中加工，直至达到厚。	2
Process of using extreme heat to harden objects made of clay.	使用极端热量固化粘土物体的过程。	1
Product Description As a leading supplier in China, CIMC group produces offshore tank for offshore oil platform to store and transport of dangerous liquid goods such as helifuel and waste oil.	产品说明作为中国的领先供应商，中石油集团生产用于海上石油平台的近海油箱，用于储存和运输危险液体货物，如直升机燃料和废油。	0
Product information is furnished by EPDA member companies.	产品信息由 EPDA 成员公司提供。	0
Product screwdriver victorinox classic sd swiss army knife classic sd sterling hammered the purpose victorinox knives classic sd features seven functions.	产品螺丝刀 victorinox classic SD Swiss army knife classic SD Sterling Victorinox knifes classic SD 具有七种功能。	2
Professional Expertise AIR Studios has collaborated on this concept to provide professional sound tuning techniques.	Air Studios 在这一概念上提供了专业的声音调谐技术。	1
Professional Medical Resources US licensed physicians and pharmacies will take the time to discuss your medical needs and assist you in finding treatments that are best suited for your condition.	专业医疗资源美国持照医生和药房将花时间讨论您的医疗需求，并帮助您找到最适合您病情的治疗方法。	0
Professor Baader has also taught at the Hadassah Medical School of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.	巴德尔教授还在耶路撒冷希伯来大学哈大沙医学院任教。	2
Professor Tony Hawkins is currently Professor of Economics at the Graduate School of Management at the University of Zimbabwe, an institution which he founded.	Tony Hawkins 教授目前是津巴布韦大学管理研究生院的经济学教授，他创立了该学院。	0
Prof White was awarded a Doctorate of Science for research contributions related to childhood cancer and has a Master of Health Administration.	白教授因对儿童癌症的研究贡献获得了科学博士学位，并拥有卫生管理硕士学位。	0
Programme officers Parveen Arora and Gagandeep Kaur organised seminars and workshops during the camp.	方案干事 Parveen Arora 和 Gagandeep Kaur 在营地期间组织了研讨会和讲习班。	0
Progress in radiation therapy requires the ability to compare clinical results achieved in different centers using different radiation modalities and protocols.	放射治疗的进展要求能够使用不同的放射模式和协议比较不同中心所取得的临床结果。	1
Project Background The downtown area of the City of Moorhead is bisected by a major BNSF Railroad line which carries about 50 trains per day.	项目背景莫尔海德市的市区由一条主要的 BNSF 铁路线分割，该铁路线每天约有 50 辆火车。	0
Project Management Case Study Applied Marine Technology handles twice the workload in half the time with Deltek Register Below to Read the Case Study!	项目管理案例研究应用海洋技术在一半时间内处理两倍的工作量，下面的 Deltek Register 阅读案例研究！	2
Project may involve the relocation of the Buckeye Rail Yard to Industrial Parkway.	该项目可能涉及将 Buckeye Rail Yard 搬迁到 Industrial Parkway 。	1
Prolonged weak economic growth may cause imports of canola to decline slightly in the short term.	长期疲软的经济增长可能会在短期内导致古拉的进口略有下降。	1
Property Location Located in Burlington, Courtyard by Marriott Burlington is in the business district, minutes from Alamance Regional...	酒店位于伯灵顿，万豪伯灵顿酒店的庭院位于商业区，距阿兰斯地区仅几分钟路程。	0
Protean The remote review and approval tool is being designed keeping in mind the needs of the content production industry.	protean 远程审阅和批准工具的设计考虑到了内容生产行业的需求。	0
Protecting your property against pests makes good economic sense.	保护您的财产免遭虫害具有良好的经济意义。	0
Protect your gadget and help protect the planet with Toast.	保护您的小工具，用吐司保护地球。	2
Proton Timing Belt or Cambelt Often it is prudent to replace a combination of items associated with the timing system.	质子正时皮带或凸轮皮带通常应谨慎地更换与正时系统相关的组合部件。	1
Providers who offered transportation home from tutoring incurred additional costs.	通过辅导提供回家交通服务的供应商产生了额外的成本。	2
Provides financial assistance to Asian Americans interested in pursuing a career in the ministry of the Christian (Disciples of Christ) Church.	向有兴趣在基督教（基督门徒）教会事务部工作的亚裔美国人提供财政援助。	1
Provides firm support for joints and soft tissue injuries.	为关节和软组织损伤提供牢固的支撑。	0
Provides opportunities for parents and other family members to share their skills and 2 talents in the program.	为父母和其他家庭成员提供机会，分享他们在该计划中的技能和 2 项才干。	1
Provides support services to assist Members in the conduct of their work.	提供支援服务，协助议员进行工作。	2
Providing a mechanism within the browser to coordinate the communication between these autonomous tasks on demand would permit a user to create truly personal interactions.	在浏览器中提供一种机制来协调这些按需自主任务之间的通信，将允许用户创建真正的个人交互。	0
Providing housing for more people in areas around mass transit will bring new vitality to cities.	在公共交通周边地区为更多人提供住房将给城市带来新的活力。	0
Provision of serious crimes' court with appropriate technical elements for protection and appropriate security for trafficking victims who witness during a judicial process.	为在司法程序中作证的贩运受害者提供具有适当技术要素的严重犯罪法庭，以保护和适当安全。	2
Prowl nodded without looking up from his data pad.	Prowl 在没有从数据垫上查看的情况下点头。	2
P Segment Present Bit This bit specifies whether the segment is present in memory.	P 段存在位此位指定段是否存在于内存中。	0
PS: I hate all those linux fanboys which grab any Windows thread and mention Linux in some way...	PS ：我讨厌那些抓住任何 Windows 线程并以某种方式提及 Linux 的 Linux 粉丝 ...	0
Psychologist carl jung dispensed the exam for the finnish level of rationality.	心理学家卡尔 · 容因芬兰的理性而不参加考试。	2
Psychosocial issues must be factored into this controversial equation.	社会心理问题必须纳入这一有争议的方程式。	1
Publications direct marketing and tribulations faced in north america europe south bridge edinburgh eh.	出版直接营销和北美地区面临的磨难欧洲南桥爱丁堡。	2
Publications Research findings are published in refereed journals, reports and monographs, which are widely circulated throughout Australia and internationally.	出版物研究结果在参考期刊，报告和专著中发表，在澳大利亚和国际上广泛传播。	0
Public investments must be accompanied by policies that induce complementary flows of private investment.	公共投资必须伴之以吸引私人投资补充流动的政策。	1
Public invited to be entertained and educated with Bill Nye the Science Guy, the first presentation in the annual Discover Science Lecture Series.	《发现科学》年度讲座系列的第一个演讲《 Bill NYE The Science Guy 》邀请公众参与娱乐和教育。	2
Public participation in the activities of joint bodies is still in the early stages, with the cooperation between Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan on the rivers Chu and Talas showing the most advanced development in this area.	公众对联合机构活动的参与仍处于早期阶段，哈萨克斯坦和吉尔吉斯斯坦在楚河和塔拉斯河上的合作表明了这一领域最先进的发展。	1
Pulled the whole rig under and my line departed elpronto...	把整个钻机拉下来，我的生产线离开了埃尔普隆 ...	2
Pulling out a length of the tape, he brought the roll to his mouth and ripped it with his teeth.	拉了一段长的胶带，他将卷带到嘴里，用牙齿撕裂。	1
Pulling the inner barrel out by the exit end will damage your hop up unit.	从出口端拉出内料筒将损坏上行装置。	0
Punchout is a distress in this type of pavement.	在这种路面上，普纳丘特是一种痛苦。	2
Pupils' creative skills are also good across the school and they apply their skills effectively in subjects such as art, music and physical education.	学生的创造性技能在整个学校也很好，他们在艺术，音乐和体育等科目中有效地运用了自己的技能。	1
Pupils make effective use of the Internet as a research tool for class and project work and print relevant information.	学生有效利用互联网作为课堂和项目工作的研究工具，并打印相关信息。	0
Purcell threw me a furtive, malignant glance as he passed, the mark of my blow on his face.	Purcell 在我走过的时候给我一个充满生气的，恶毒的目光，这是我对他脸上的打击。	2
Purchasing 2012 Hunter Valley wines will be the perfect opportunity for consumers to try out unique styles beyond benchmark Shiraz and Semillon.	购买 2012 猎人谷葡萄酒将是消费者尝试超越基准 Shiraz 和 Semillon 的独特风格的绝佳机会。	1
Purchasing a new home can be quite stressful...	购买新家可能会带来很大的压力 ...	0
Pure Shirataki noodles should be almost transparent when cooked hence the name white fountain (shirataki), the tofu variety is more solid in appearance and may even colour the noodle to a light brown.	纯白崎面在煮熟时应该几乎透明，因此名字叫白喷泉（ shirataki ），豆腐的种类在外观上更加坚固，甚至可能把面条调成淡棕色。	1
Purple redux: a decoration is recycled with the addition of some lime green accents.	紫色复色：重新装修，增加了一些青绿色的色调。	1
Purveyor meetings should be done by appointment only and used to introduce new products and obtain additional information on products and market conditions.	Purveyor meetings should be done by appointment only and used to introduce new products and obtain additional information on products and market conditions.	2
Push communication channels involve certain regulations such as the content censorship for emails and text messages.	推送通信渠道涉及某些法规，例如电子邮件和文本消息的内容审查。	1
Put a hysterically laughing face after this quote.	在这句话后，请戴上一个歇斯底里的笑脸。	2
Put simply, I was desperate to stay at home with my newborn child and not go back to my former job.	简而言之，我非常渴望和我的新生儿一起呆在家里，而不是回到我以前的工作岗位。	1
Put the camera on a tripod about 10 feet from a high contrast subject.	将摄像机放在距离高对比度对象约 10 英尺的三脚架上。	0
Put the string on the right side of the bow.	将字符串放在弓的右侧。	0
Put the sunscreen in the bag glad of the size as we had heaps of gear with all the kids.	把防晒霜放在袋子里，因为我们带着所有的孩子都有一堆装备。	2
Putting your pup up in a luxury dog house is the first step in gaining his loyalty.	把你的小狗放在豪华的狗房里是获得他忠诚的第一步。	1
Pyongyang has never before admitted it had nuclear weapons, though the CIA has estimated it had the materials for one or two devices.	平壤以前从未承认它拥有核武器，尽管中央情报局估计它拥有一两个装置所需的材料。	1
Qabila Short Film Festival might be in its first run but its already making waves across the world.	Babila 短片电影节可能是第一次举办，但它已经在世界各地掀起了浪潮。	0
Q.: Are you collecting any material for a DVD during these concerts?	问：在这些音乐会期间，您是否在收集 DVD 的任何材料？	1
Q: Are you seeing any global trends in countries with higher volumes of illiquid assets?	问：在非流动性资产数量较高的国家 / 地区，您是否看到任何全球趋势？	1
Qatar will show other small countries how to achieve the seemingly impossible and defeat naysayers who once claimed that Qatar is incapable because it is pampered with wealth and oil.	卡塔尔将向其他小国展示如何实现看似不可能的目标，并打败曾经声称卡塔尔因财富和石油而无能力的那些反对者。	1
Q: Just last year you brought in Josh Row to race under Nelson Racing.	问：就在去年，你把乔什 · 罗带到纳尔逊赛车队的比赛中。	0
Qualification Highlights sections are optional and are considered to be part of the summary section.	 资格要点  部分是可选的，被视为 " 摘要 " 部分的一部分。	1
Quality and selection Johan Cruyff trainers came about through the force and independence of spirit of the man behind Cruyff shoes.	约翰 · 克鲁耶夫教练是通过克鲁耶夫鞋背后的人的力量和精神独立而获得的。	2
Quality and usability of the device will provide you with safe use of natural gas.	设备的质量和可用性将为您提供天然气的安全使用。	0
Quality Assurance Our ceaseless efforts on developing new technologies into our manufacturing processes has afforded us ...	质量保证我们在制造流程中不断开发新技术的努力为我们提供了 ...	1
Quality Collection Catalog sells gift items for every occasion!	质量系列目录销售各种场合的礼品！	2
Quality mixes have all the balanced nutrition that she needs.	优质混合物具有她所需要的所有平衡营养。	0
Quality of life: In spite that Open surgery is considered more invasive than laparoscopic surgery; studies could not show significant difference in quality of life between both procedures.	生活质量：尽管开放手术被认为比腹腔镜手术更具侵入性；研究不能显示两种手术之间的生活质量有显著差异。	2
Quality screw machine products alpha swiss industries has developed a reputation as a growing leader in advanced manufacturing our precision cnc machining capabilities and.	优质螺杆机产品 Alpha Swiss INDUSTRIES 在我们的精密 CNC 加工能力和先进制造领域不断发展的领导者地位得到了提升。	2
Quantity A perfect gift to celebrate any occasion - a great golden anniversary or retirement present.	数量是庆祝任何场合的完美礼物 - 伟大的黄金周年纪念或退休礼物。	2
Quarantine [2F] The airport staff will check the body temperature of every passenger with a thermographic camera.	隔离 [2F] 机场工作人员将使用热像仪检查每位乘客的体温。	0
Quatre turned his head back, the same smile still on his face.	Quatre 把头翻了回来，脸上仍然带着同样的微笑。	2
Quebec is the first region in North America to have passed legislation, the Labor Standards Act that addresses workplace bullying.	魁北克是北美第一个通过立法的地区，即《劳工标准法》，该法解决了工作场所欺凌问题。	0
Queensland Country Life, August 9th 2010 Organic farmers and biodynamic farmers have been increasing the humus content of their soils to amazing levels and in amazingly short times for donkeys' years.	昆士兰乡村生活， 2010 年 8 月 9 日有机农夫和生物动力农夫一直在将其土壤中的腐殖质含量提高到惊人的水平，而且在捐助者多年的惊人短时间内。	2
Questions began to fill his mind as he stood up, wandering over to the bed and picking up the bag of chips.	当他站起来，徘徊在床上，捡起一袋薯片时，问题开始填满他的头脑。	2
Questions range from simple ownership to an assessment of success.	问题包括简单的所有权和成功评估。	2
Questions remain why Hammurabi waited four months to release the videotape to the mainstream media.	问题仍然是为什么 Hammurabi 等了四个月才向主流媒体发布录像带。	0
Question: What else can I do to get even more out of my engine now that I have a supercharger?	问：现在我有了机械增压器，我还能做些什么来更好地利用我的发动机？	0
Quick measurements are possible without needing to stop the engine to install sensors.	无需停止发动机即可安装传感器，即可进行快速测量。	1
Quick thinking during a crisis on the last day of Summer sees Nevamar promoted from the nameless ranks of the cloned Sprites.	在夏天最后一天的危机中，快速思考发现 Nevamar 从克隆的 Sprites 的无名队伍中晋升。	2
Quietly place your hands together in the universal posture of prayer so common in yoga classes.	在瑜伽课程中，您可以安静地将双手放在通用的祈祷姿势中。	1
Quinn looked over at the clock on her bedside.	Quinn 在她的床边望着时钟。	1
Quinn was born and we were still separated...	奎恩出生了，我们仍然被分开……	1
Quite exciting but certainly not pretty with constant rounds of redundancy and probably a bit of a softer landing than with Marconi, Nortel, JDSU and the like.	相当令人兴奋，但肯定不是很漂亮，因为不断出现冗余，可能比马科尼，北电， JDSU 等公司的着陆更柔和。	2
Quite frankly, Holyrood should have been set up that way from the very outset, and the consequences of it having had its expenses culture originally modelled along Westminster lines speak for themselves.	很坦率地说， Holyrood 应该从一开始就这样建立起来，它的后果是它的开支文化最初是以威斯敏斯特线为模型的。	2
Quite similar to cash advance against the salary.	与现金预支薪金相当相似。	1
Quite typical of a lot of British manufacturing really.	英国的许多制造业都是典型的。	1
Quitting time had happened a few hours ago and the arcade was closed for the weekend.	几个小时前发生了退出时间，商场周末关闭了。	2
Quote: Originally Posted by Mad Scientist and anyway in regards to your point, Americans and Englishmen have little room to talk these days, IMHO.	引述：最初由 Mad Scientist 发布，不管怎样，对于您的观点，美国人和英国人现在几乎没有说话的空间， IMHO 。	2
Quote: Originally Posted by orpheus Robert Wise said that The Haunting film was a tribute to his Val Lewton days.	引述：最初由 Orpheus Robert Wise 张贴的影片说，这部令人难以忘怀的影片是对他的瓦尔 · 刘易斯顿日的纪念。	1
Quote: Plantar fasciitis is diagnosed based on a pathognomonic clinical presentation and physical examination including plantar heel pain with the initial few steps after a period of inactivity.	引用：浮游动物筋膜炎是根据病态确认临床表现和物理检查进行诊断的，包括在一段时间不活动后最初几步的浮游动物足跟痛。	1
Quote: The Bar scene mentioned that Kirk was smart but lacked the focus his real dad would have given him.	引述：酒吧现场提到 Kirk 很聪明，但缺乏他的真正父亲给他的关注。	0
Quote: The output section of the amp will deliver X amount of power at a given Impedance.	引述：安培的输出部分将在给定阻抗下提供 X 量的功率。	1
Rabbits tend to like to be left alone and can be quite messy and destructive.	兔子往往喜欢被孤立，可能相当混乱和破坏性。	2
Race and sex differences in mortality following fracture of the hip.	髋关节骨折后死亡率的种族和性别差异。	2
Race driver training with licence qualification Drive like the professionals!	赛车司机培训，并获得许可证资格驾驶像专业人士一样！	1
Races such as the Asani and orcs responded even worse to the plague, mutating horribly into nightmarish creatures that joined the ranks of relentless human undead.	阿萨尼和奥尔克等种族对这场瘟疫的反应甚至更糟，他们可怕地变成了夜马生物，加入了无情的人类死难者行列。	1
Rachael and Daniel should have been in the bottom two this week!	拉查尔和丹尼尔本应该在本周排在最后两位！	0
Rachel Treichler stated that she appreciates Commissioner Spagnoletti and his staff for meeting with the Environmental Management Council (EMC).	Rachel Treichler 说，她感谢专员 Spagnoletti 和他的工作人员与环境管理委员会（ EMC ）会晤。	0
Rachmaninoff owed much of his skill to Zverev, but also that he gave Rachmaninoff invaluable experiences with the musicians of the time.	拉赫曼诺夫把他的大部分技能归功于兹韦列夫，但他也给拉赫曼诺夫带来了当时音乐家的宝贵经验。	1
Racism is brutalizing and dehumanizing someone for their skin color.	种族主义正在对他人的肤色进行残酷和不人道的对待。	1
Raffle proceeds will help defray costs of the workshop, which is free unless you would like to make any cash contributions.	抽奖收入将有助于支付研讨会的费用，除非您愿意提供任何现金捐款，否则研讨会将免费。	1
Raine saw that the way Niko said it looked like he was very passionate about it, which is one characteristic she liked about people.	Raine 看到了 Niko 的说法，他看起来对它非常热情，这是她喜欢的一个人的特征。	1
Raised money for others and graduated some to be able to run on their own.	为他人筹集资金，并使一些人毕业，以便能够独立跑步。	2
Rajan benefited from grants from the Stigler Center for the Study of the State and the Economy, from the Initiative on Global Markets, and from the National Science Foundation.	Rajan 从 Stigler 国家和经济研究中心，全球市场倡议和国家科学基金会的赠款中受益。	1
Ralof was preciously characterized and read very believably.	Ralof 的特点令人难以置信，读起来也很可信。	1
Ralph abandons his hiding place and fights his way past Jack and a group of his hunters.	拉尔夫抛弃了他的藏身之处，并与杰克和一群猎人打斗。	1
Ramen are big bowls of noodles with pork, bean sprouts and leak in a soup.	拉面是一大碗面条，里面有猪肉，豆芽和汤。	1
Ramza knew that her berzerk rage would soon overpower him, so he disarmed her with a quick sword gesture his father had taught him.	Ramza 知道她的柏尔克愤怒很快会使他过度，因此他用父亲教他的一把剑动作解除了她的武装。	1
Ran and Masudo now takes the time to skate among themselves, in hope to cause a certain childhood friend to become aware and get jealous.	Ran 和 Masudo 现在需要时间在他们之间滑冰，希望让一个童年的朋友意识到并嫉妒。	1
Random restriction as an alternative to random assignment?	随机限制作为随机分配的替代方法？	2
Randy would have been shocked but he was just feeling relief.	Randy 本来会感到震惊，但他只是感到宽慰。	0
Range much more for photographers with good portfolios good.	对于拥有良好产品组合的摄影师来说，范围更广。	0
Ranger helped me into the passenger seat of the Cayenne before setting Julie in the back.	护林员帮助我进入了卡宴的乘客座椅，然后让朱莉坐在后面。	1
Rangers' substitute goalkeeper Neil Alexander saved from Billy Joe Burns and then Naismith had the ball in the net but his effort was ruled out for offside.	流浪者队的替补守门员尼尔 · 亚历山大 (Neil Alexander) 从比利 · 乔 · 伯恩斯 (Billy Joe Burns) 中拯救出来，然后奈斯米斯 (Naismith) 在球网中取得了成功，但他的努力被排除在对方之外。	2
Ranthambore National Park, Keoladeo Ghana Bird Sanctuary, and Bandhavgarh National Park are some of the most famous wildlife sanctuaries.	兰塔布雷国家公园（ Ranthambore National Park ），加纳鸟保护区（ Keoladeo Ghana Bird Sanctuary ）和班达夫加国家公园（ Bandhavgar National Park ）是最著名的野生动物保护区。	1
Rapidash dodged it with ease and did take down.	拉比达什轻松地避开了这一问题，并确实下降了。	2
Rapid dissipation of atrazine in soils taken from various maize fields.	从各种玉米田中提取的土壤中的旱地迅速消散。	2
Rare and unusual clematis variety originating from Nepal and parts of China.	罕见和不寻常的克莱马蒂品种源自尼泊尔和中国部分地区。	0
Rarely other trains are diverted if the main line is blocked such as engineering work between between Wimbledon and Clapham Junction, plus there are ECS moves.	如果主线路被堵塞，则很少有其他列车被改道，例如温布尔登和克莱帕姆交叉路口之间的工程施工，加上有 ECS 移动。	1
Ratchet winced a little when he saw how his callous words affected the Seeker.	当他看到他那句冷酷的话语如何影响到寻求帮助者时，棘齿稍微起了点作用。	2
Rather than hiding in our offices and writing papers for scantily read journals on business management, we should all hear more from black intellectuals with management expertise.	我们不应该躲在我们的办公室里写文章，以供阅读有关商业管理的期刊，而应该更多地听取具有管理专业知识的黑人知识分子的意见。	0
Rather than integrate African Americans into society, however, the South erected a system of segregation that supposedly provided separate but equal opportunity for freed slaves and their descendants.	然而，南方并没有将非裔美国人融入社会，而是建立了一种隔离制度，据称这种制度为被释放的奴隶及其后代提供了单独但平等的机会。	1
Rather than see us as a threat, we ought to be seen as part of the fabric of the Liberian society with contibutions to make to our nation too.	我们不应该把我们看作是一种威胁，而应该被看作是利比里亚社会结构的一部分，我们也要向我们的国家作出努力。	1
Rather than sort out the complexities of a business that had gone though bankruptcy, Zettler decided to start fresh with a new hardware store a few blocks East on Goodale.	Zettler 决定从古德莱（ Goodale ）东部几个街区的新硬件商店开始，而不是解决破产后企业的复杂性。	2
Rather than the cool spring of his home, Link found himself lying on a cold stone floor, with bits of grime and dirt caught in his hair.	连杆发现自己躺在冰冷的石头地板上，头发上有一些污垢和污垢，而不是家里的凉爽春天。	2
Rather, the report on the Associate Teacher is like that which would be written by a Principal for a teacher after the first term of teaching.	相反，有关副教师的报告就像一位校长在第一个学期后为教师撰写的报告。	2
Rating likely to grow as we try the more complex scenarios and tackle the strategic warfare choices.	当我们尝试更复杂的情况并解决战略战争选择时，评级可能会增长。	2
Ratio analysis to highlight areas of strength and weakness.	比率分析以突出优势和劣势领域。	1
Ravi Varma who led resistance to Hyder Ali and Tippu Sultan became so furious at this betrayal that he along with his nephews tried to assassinate him in 1793.	领导抵抗 Hyder Ali 和 Tippu Sultan 的 Ravi Varma 对这一背叛感到愤怒，以至于他和他的侄子在 1793 年试图暗杀他。	2
Ray Joubert would like the use of fact sheets stating the list of products, or have quick reference to substances in a database.	Ray Joubert 希望使用说明产品清单的概况介绍，或快速参考数据库中的物质。	2
Ray Lewis was talking about the difference 1 year has made in Flacco.	雷 · 刘易斯谈论的是弗拉科一年来的差异。	1
Raymond Cheong is not responsible for misuse of the data in this website.	郑浩然对本网站的数据滥用概不负责。	1
Razib Ahmed September 13, 2007 Nepal is not a rich country and it does not have any oil reserve.	2007 年 9 月 13 日，尼泊尔不是一个富裕国家，也没有任何石油储备。	0
Reach out there with straight arms and pinky finger on the entry.	用直臂和手指在入口处伸出。	2
Readers prefer feeling included in the conversation, rather than allowed to peak in the closed dialogue between experts.	读者更喜欢在对话中融入感受，而不是让专家之间的封闭式对话达到顶峰。	1
Readers will question how this adulation can work to his advantage, since there were no US voters in the audience.	读者会质疑这一排他的优势，因为观众中没有美国选民。	0
Reading a good book while enjoying a nice hot cup of coffee or tea.	一边阅读一本好书，一边享受一杯美味的热咖啡或茶。	0
Reading data from a workspace consists of accessing the contained properties and extracting property values (the content).	从工作区读取数据包括访问包含的属性和提取属性值（内容）。	0
Reading has always been my favorite thing to do and I suspect it always will be.	阅读一直是我最喜欢做的事情，我怀疑它会永远存在。	1
Read It Online Announcement Special Election Announcement NACDL's Board of Directors will fill a vacant Board seat at its Fall Meeting in Las Vegas.	阅读在线公告特别选举公告 NACDL 的董事会将在拉斯维加斯的秋季会议上填补一个空缺的董事会席位。	1
Read more Advertise Here Advertise Here Editorial Our road planners must have foresight Our road infrastructure is bad and needs urgent attention.	在这里阅读更多广告广告广告编辑我们的道路规划人员必须有远见我们的道路基础设施是坏的，需要紧急关注。	2
Read More Inoculation Against Stereotype New research provides evidence that female instructors may be key to encouraging talented female STEM students to stay in those disciplines.	阅读更多针对陈规定型观念的注射新的研究提供了证据，表明女性讲师可能是鼓励有才华的女性干细胞学生留在这些学科的关键。	2
Read More Jewelry Christmas Gifts That Sparkle and Shine The joyous season of Christmas is steeped in tradition, and gift giving is one ritual that is inseparable from this holiday.	阅读更多的珠宝圣诞礼物《 Sparkle 》和《 Shine 》，欢乐的圣诞季充满了传统，礼物赠送是与这个节日密不可分的一种仪式。	0
Read More One Definition of Success As parents, we want our children and teens to grow...	了解更多成功的定义作为父母，我们希望我们的孩子和青少年能够成长 ...	1
Read More The Dos and Donts of Pregnancy With so many people giving their opinion on what to...	阅读更多关于怀孕的 DOS 和 Donts 的信息，有这么多人给出了他们对该怎么办的意见 ...	1
Read More TIRED of waiting on negotiated claims only to be disappointed when they are finally returned with no savings?	如果您对等待谈判达成的索赔感到厌烦，那么当最终没有储蓄地退回索赔时，您会感到失望吗？	1
Read more Welcome to Destination Sydney | Edition Two Secure Parking is pleased to announced publication of the second edition of Destination Sydney.	阅读更多欢迎来到悉尼目的地 | 第 2 版安全停车场很高兴宣布发布第二版的悉尼目的地。	1
Read the answers to the most frequently asked questions as regards such specific situation here...	在此处阅读有关此类特定情况的最常见问题的答案 ...	1
Read the post and watch the video here.	阅读帖子并在此处观看视频。	0
Reagan Mauia The Dolphins would likely keep and extra RB than an extra FB and Grigsby is the clearly better option.	里根 · 莫伊亚—海豚可能会保留额外的经常预算，而 Grigsby 显然是更好的选择。	2
Real estate expert Thomas Pretty looks at some of the tactics that can be used to help property for sale to appeal to buyers and hence sell quicker.	房地产专家 Thomas Pretty 研究了一些可以用来帮助房地产销售吸引买家从而加快销售速度的策略。	0
Realizing that her intense focus on his hands had caused him to display the blatantly cocky smile that graced his features, she tugged on her hand to free it.	她意识到她对双手的高度关注使他露出了一种明目张胆的微笑，这种微笑让他的特色更加优雅，于是她就用手去释放它。	2
Really answer that when it comes to people who you are seeking jobs from.	当涉及到您寻找工作的人时，请回答这个问题。	2
Reaper Well the only advice I can give you is continue this quote!	Reaper 好吧，我能给你的唯一建议是继续这句话！	2
Rearward visibility is horrible as all you have is a tiny rear window, and you have major blindspots created by the corners of the soft top.	后向视野很糟糕，因为您只能看到一个小的后窗，并且您有由软顶角造成的主要盲点。	1
Rebecca was a smart girl and bright some times too much for her own good.	丽贝卡是一个聪明的女孩，有时她的聪明太多了。	2
Recalling the model of your ruined shirt, I have seen something like it at the flea market for eight hundred and fifty yen so I'm a bit surprised hearing that large number.	回忆起你那件被毁的衬衫的模型，我在跳蚤市场看到了像这样的东西，花了八百五十日元，所以我有点惊讶地听到这么多人。	1
Receive a Trade Alert for boom speaker directly to your email.	直接在您的电子邮件中收到 Boom 扬声器的交易提示。	1
Receive a Trade Alert for pulverizer directly to your email.	直接通过电子邮件接收粉碎机的交易警报。	1
Received her Masters degree in Speech Language Pathology with honors from San Jose State University.	获得圣何塞州立大学的言语语言病理学硕士学位。	1
Receiving Botox at a party of this nature means that you may experience more pain and bruising, and may also be setting yourself up for a longer recovery period.	在这种性质的聚会上接受 Botox 意味着您可能会经历更多的疼痛和瘀伤，并且可能会让自己恢复更长时间。	2
Recent Comments | The Citizen Front Page Archives Login Register Traffic Alerts Local Conditions 74° Fair Winds: Northeast 3 News Government Sports Opinion Community Lifestyle Biz Showcase Classifieds Jobs Events Blogs Forums Home Recent Comments Village center?	最新评论 | 市民首页档案登录登记交通警示当地情况 74° 公平的 Winds: 东北 3 新闻政府体育舆论社区生活方式商业展示分类就业活动博客论坛首页最新评论乡村中心？	2
Recent immigrants can be identified using these public use microdata files as those having migrated over the previous decade (prior to each successive survey year).	可使用这些公共使用微型数据文件将最近移民确定为过去十年（在每一个连续调查年之前）移民。	1
Recently, I stopped talking to a friend because I was hurt of what he did to me.	最近，我停止与朋友交谈，因为他对我所做的事情使我受伤。	0
Recently Lucien Bouchard pointed out that we Quebecers do not work as hard as Ontarians or Americans.	最近， Lucien Bouchard 指出，我们的队列不像安大略人或美国人那样努力工作。	2
Recently studies have demonstrated the restriction of use in clinic because of its side effect.	最近的研究表明，由于其副作用，在诊所使用受到限制。	1
Recent terrorist attacks like Mumbai Bomb Blast, Varanasi Temple bombing, Delhi Bomb Blasts, Akshardham Temple attack place the Muslim Indian community in an awkward situation as the attacks occur due to some local support.	最近的恐怖袭击，如孟买炸弹爆炸，瓦拉纳西寺爆炸，德里炸弹爆炸，阿克沙德姆寺袭击，使印度穆斯林社区处于尴尬的境地，因为袭击是在一些地方支持下发生的。	1
Reconciliation in accordance with justice, and respect for the legitimate aspirations of all sectors of the national community must be the rule.	必须根据正义实现和解，尊重国家社会各阶层的合法愿望，这是一项规则。	1
Recorded delta blues is mostly one person singing and playing instruments, though bands were more common in performances.	尽管乐队在表演中较为常见，但记录的三角洲蓝调大多是一个人唱歌和演奏乐器。	0
Recover the files is not an option, unless I spend some money taking the HD to a laboratory to recover those data.	恢复文件不是一种选择，除非我花了一些钱将硬盘送到实验室来恢复这些数据。	0
Recovery American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) Information and reports ETA DOL White House Automotive Industry Unemployment Insurance Unemployment claims need to be filed with your state agency.	美国复苏与再投资法案（ ARRA ）信息和报告 ETA DOL 白宫汽车工业失业保险失业索赔需要提交给您的州机构。	1
Recruitment will be made on the basis of the total marks obtained at the examination by the candidates who have provided their eligibility.	招聘将根据提供资格的候选人在考试中获得的总分数进行。	1
Redemption is what any man who dreams big eventually must seek.	任何梦想大的人最终都必须寻求赎回。	2
Red roses are considered highly romantic because they propagate love.	红玫瑰被认为是非常浪漫的，因为它们传播爱。	1
Reduced staffing means that citizens must wait longer for police to respond to nonemergency calls, and in some communities they may have to complete their own reports for less serious crimes or misdemeanors.	减少人员编制意味着公民必须等待更长时间，警察才能对非紧急呼叫作出反应，在一些社区，他们可能必须完成自己关于不太严重的罪行或轻罪的报告。	2
Reducing the reserve would free up tax dollars that could have been used to finance a 10% tax cut.	减少储备将释放原本可以用来为 10% 减税的税元。	2
Reevaluate your vacation plans if you feel your job is in jeopardy.	如果您认为自己的工作处于危险状态，请重新评估您的假期计划。	1
References List Start your list on a separate page after the text of your document but before any appendices or notes.	参考列表在文档文本后但在任何附录或注释之前的单独页面上启动列表。	1
References to existing HTML pages should function correctly.	对现有 HTML 页的引用应该正常工作。	1
Refer to the setup section of the tutorial if you are unsure about any aspect of a procedure.	如果您不确定某个过程的任何方面，请参阅教程的设置部分。	1
Reflecting upon his current circumstances, it was an ironic reminder that he was a passenger of another kind as well.	回顾他目前的情况，这是一个讽刺性的提醒，他也是另一种乘客。	2
Refrigeration System IEF's refrigeration plant is relatively small compared to those in the food processing and cold storage industry.	制冷系统 IEF 的制冷设备与食品加工和冷藏行业相比相对较小。	0
Refunds Faulty Goods - All verified faulty goods will be replaced or fully refunded and we will also pay for the return postage.	退款有问题商品 - 所有经验证的有问题商品将被更换或全额退款，我们还将支付退货邮资。	0
Regarding the safety of personnel operating the therapeutic devices, we do not recommend routine operation of devices by pregnant females.	关于操作治疗设备的人员的安全问题，我们不建议孕妇对设备进行常规操作。	0
Regardless, it was a painful reminder of the child I was carrying.	尽管如此，这是一个痛苦的回忆，提醒我当时带着的孩子。	2
Regional growth forecasts estimate that by 2003 Asian users will surpass North American and European users.	区域增长预测估计，到 2003 年，亚洲用户将超过北美和欧洲用户。	0
Register staff writers Martin Wisckol and Tony Saavedra contributed to this report.	注册工作人员作家 Martin Wisckol 和 Tony Saavedra 为本报告提供了资料。	0
Register their domain names in a sunrise period at low cost.	以低成本在日出期内注册域名。	2
Registration To be officially enrolled in the University, students must be academically eligible, complete the registration process with the Office of the Registrar, and possess a receipt issued by the Treasurer for payment of current academic fees.	注册要在大学正式注册，学生必须符合学术资格，完成注册处的注册过程，并拥有财务主任签发的支付当前学费的收据。	0
Regret suddenly filled your mind, you knew you should have listened to envy, and now there was nobody here to help you.	后悔突然填满了你的头脑，你知道你应该听嫉妒的声音，现在这里没有人来帮助你。	2
Regular practicing of meditation helps us to realize the latent power inside us.	常规的冥想实践有助于我们实现内在的潜能。	1
Rei and Asuka are out, and they now have an angel locked in a backup server to experiment on.	Rei 和 Asuka 已经退出，他们现在在备份服务器中锁定了一个天使进行实验。	2
Reimer was being held in the Grays Harbor County Jail.	Reimer was being held in the Grays Harbour County Jail.	2
Rei waited until the girl had calmed down a bit before she continued the interview.	Rei 等那个女孩冷静了一会儿后，她才继续接受采访。	0
Related Articles Bird Watching Argentina Big Game Hunting Argentina hunting lodges are popular getaway places for the vacationer who likes big game hunts in Argentina.	相关文章观鸟观看阿根廷大狩猎阿根廷狩猎小屋是喜欢阿根廷大狩猎的度假者的热门度假胜地。	2
Related Links: Siddhartha Summary and Author Biography Find essays on Siddhartha Quizzes on Siddhartha No quizzes available to take yet.	相关链接： Siddhartha Summary 和作者传记在 Siddhartha 的测验上找到论文，目前还没有测验。	2
Related Post Mixed house in Australia by Andrew Maynard This extension of the traditional Victorian house in a suburb of Melbourne is designed for young families....	这家位于墨尔本郊区的传统维多利亚式房子的扩建部分是为年轻家庭设计的	1
Relatively low at the early establishment phase when sown in monoculture but improves with the development of the canopy.	在早期建立阶段相对较低，当时种植单作物，但随着树冠的发展而有所改善。	2
Relative to the calculation of average final compensation for the purpose of determining retirement system benefits.	与确定退休制度福利的最终平均薪酬的计算有关。	1
Release the keys when you see computer code on a black and white screen.	当您在黑白屏幕上看到计算机代码时，请释放键。	2
Reliesing their position, Conner got up and help Cassie off the ground.	康纳在重新定位时站起来，帮助卡西离开地面。	2
Reluctant to deviate from her plan to stay at home, but tempted by the creative outlet the work afforded her, she thought she might just take on one or two jobs.	她不愿意偏离留在家里的计划，但被工作给她带来的创造性机会所吸引，她认为她可能只从事一两个工作。	1
Remember some of the most successful people in the world were not the best students.	请记住，世界上一些最成功的人并不是最好的学生。	0
Remember, that is a playground on the rich and famous, plus a lot of persons in general choose this ski vacation spot simply for the reason.	请记住，这是富人和名人的游乐场，而且通常有很多人选择这家滑雪度假胜地只是出于这个原因。	1
Remember that symbols can have more than one meaning.	请记住，符号可以有多个含义。	0
Remember that the imagination is a gift given to man and this is one of the things that differentiates man from other creatures.	请记住，想象力是送给人类的礼物，这是使人类与其他生物区别开来的东西之一。	1
Remember that time when you go out with your clique and nobody seems to notice you firewire free to contact gay personals.	请记住，当你和你的小丑一起出去时，似乎没有人注意到你可以自由接触同性恋人士的火线。	2
Remember that when you stop the estrogen you will then lose bone density quickly for a time.	请记住，当您停止雌激素时，骨密度会迅速下降一段时间。	1
Remember these beneficial pointers the very next time you locate your self looking for a makeover, no matter how major or slight.	下次您寻找自己的地方进行改造时，无论多么重要或多么轻微，都要记住这些有益的指示。	0
Remember to act like others and fit in.	记得像其他人一样行动，并适应他人的需要。	1
Remember to track how long it takes you to complete each workout then focus on beating your time!	记住要跟踪完成每项训练需要多长时间，然后集中精力度过你的时间！	0
Remember we have to cultivate an air of informality.	请记住，我们必须培养一种非正式的空气。	2
Remember you have a limited band width - use it wisely by paying attention to those things under your control.	请记住，您的频段宽度有限 - 请注意您控制的内容，明智地使用它。	1
Remember you have good and bad in every nationality and we are not diferent.	请记住，你在每个国家都有好有坏，我们也不会失望。	2
Reminded me of the keys to the handcuffs in season one.	让我想起了第一季手铐的钥匙。	1
Remy saw his chance and took it as the music changed into a waltz.	雷米看到了他的机会，并抓住了这一机会，因为音乐变成了一只瓦尔茨。	2
Renado gave council to Ilia as she carefully stitched the shoulder wound closed.	雷纳多在伊利亚小心缝合肩膀伤口的时候给了她理事会。	2
Reno reached out and clicked off the stove in the same motion that Elena turned around to face him.	里诺走到外面，在埃琳娜转身面对他的同一动作中，把炉子上的炉子拍了下来。	1
RENOVA has side effects as those associated with use of an mitigate of this website.	雷诺维亚的副作用是与使用本网站的缓解措施相关的副作用。	1
Rent an RV and apply some of the rental towards the purchase.	租一辆房车，并将部分租金用于购买。	2
Rents have also risen to a level where affordability may begin to be an issue, particularly in light of continuing economic uncertainty.	租金也上升到了负担能力可能开始成为一个问题的水平，特别是考虑到持续的经济不确定性。	0
Repeated surgical procedures are physically and emotionally traumatic for many patients.	重复手术对许多患者而言都是身心创伤。	0
Repeat Offenders Users who have repeatedly violated the same policy will have further action taken against them for each subsequent violation.	重复犯罪者用户如果一再违反同一政策，将对其每次后续违规都采取进一步行动。	1
Repentance and desire for a personal relationship with God are both elements that come from the heart - they are not just actions.	忏悔和渴望与上帝建立个人关系都是来自内心的因素 - 它们不仅仅是行动。	2
Repent for the past deeds of your bloodthirsty barbarian ancestors who ended up being nothing but demons in India.	对你那口渴的血巴伐利亚祖先的过去的所作所为表示忏悔，他们最终只在印度成为恶魔。	1
Reply Contact If you had the extra money to donate something to charity, what would it be and why?	回复联系如果您有额外的资金向慈善机构捐赠物品，这是什么？为什么？	1
Reply Jennifer Most men tell me they fine overthin women unattractive and yet women are always striving for that.	回答 Jennifer 大多数男人告诉我她们对瘦身材的女性没有吸引力，但女性总是在为此而奋斗。	1
Reporter and commentator on contemporary American history and culture, Bill Moyers brilliantly reveals the nuanced textures in the fabric of American life.	当代美国历史和文化的记者兼评论员比尔 · 莫耶尔出色地揭示了美国生活结构中的细微差别。	0
Reporters are not to make irresponsible remarks about the verdict before the final judgment is in.	记者不能在最终判决前对判决发表不负责任的言论。	0
Reporting The accredited monitors shall provide written reports to all parties and to the participating company concerned following each visit.	报告经认证的监督员应在每次访问后向所有各方和有关参与公司提供书面报告。	1
Reporting to UNFE includes information about the state of assets and the results of investment policy.	向联合国渔业基金报告的内容包括资产状况和投资政策结果的信息。	0
Reports have stated that ambulances and medical teams were prevented from accessing the town by the IOF, which in turn prevented the injured from reaching hospitals and added to the number of casualties.	有报告说，伊拉克国际部队阻止救护车和医疗队进入该镇，这反过来又阻止受伤人员到达医院，并增加了伤亡人数。	1
Reports shall include the description of the Environmental Management Plan defined for the project.	报告应包括对为该项目确定的环境管理计划的描述。	0
Represents the highest standards of leadership in information technology in healthcare.	代表医疗保健领域信息技术的最高领导标准。	0
Republicans Todd Hiett and Scott Pruitt and Democrats Jari Askins and Pet Regan will vie for their party nominations August 22.	共和党多德 · 希特和斯科特 · 普鲁特以及民主党贾里 · 阿斯金斯和佩德 · 雷根将于 8 月 22 日争夺政党提名。	0
Requests to persons may not be granted because of the way in which they are presented, or the person addressed may not be willing to grant the request.	向个人提出的请求可能因提出方式而不予批准，或者被请求人可能不愿意批准请求。	1
Requirements Completeness Metric Requirements Completeness Metrics are used to assess whether a requirement is at wrong level of hierarchy or too complex.	要求完整性指标要求完整性指标用于评估要求是处于错误的层次级别还是过于复杂。	2
Researched by the Manly Art Gallery &amp; Museum, the guide reveals a rich collection of public art dating from the earliest days of European settlement in the area along with several modern sculptures.	导游由曼利艺术画廊和博物馆（ Manly Art Gallery &amp; Museum ）研究，展示了该地区最早的欧洲殖民地时期的丰富公共艺术收藏以及几个现代雕塑。	1
Researchers also analyzed routine interactions at the dinner table and the kinds of stories that emerged in conversations at the end of the day.	研究人员还分析了餐桌上的日常互动以及一天结束时对话中出现的各种故事。	0
Researchers said Western states usually have more rural areas where insurance coverage is problematic and more mobile populations that find it difficult to carry their insurance coverage from state to state.	研究人员指出，西方国家通常有更多的农村地区存在保险问题，更多的流动人口发现难以在州之间投保。	2
Researchers think that because walking improves circulation and increases oxygen delivery while reducing anxiety, it makes us feel more lively.	研究人员认为，行走改善了循环，增加了氧气的输送，同时减少了焦虑，这让我们感觉更加活跃。	0
Researchers were surprised by the difference in separation and divorce rates by gender.	研究人员对按性别分列的离职率和离婚率的差异感到惊讶。	1
Research is needed to reduce the costs of production of Biomass based fuels.	需要进行研究以降低生物量燃料的生产成本。	0
Research Station Pumpkin field day in South Charleston and at the North Central Ag.	位于南查尔斯顿和北中区的 Pumpkin Field Day 研究站。	0
Research undertaken by Newham council identified Stratford as having the highest level of housing need in the borough; above average unemployment rates and below average incomes.	纽汉姆理事会进行的研究确定斯特拉特福德是该区住房需求最高的地区；失业率高于平均水平，收入低于平均水平。	0
Reseller Benefits Multiple streams of income are created.	经销商的好处创造了多种收入流。	1
Resenting a life of servitude, Terrax later rebels against Galactus and forces the Fantastic Four to battle Galactus.	Terrax 为反抗奴役而战，后来反抗加拉斯，迫使这四个梦幻般的人与加拉斯作战。	2
Resolution 1820 was supposed to make the United Nations more sensitive to the issue of sexual violence.	第 1820 号决议应该使联合国对性暴力问题更加敏感。	1
Resolution is intense desire backed by the will to do, the will to succeed.	解决办法是一种强烈的愿望，它得到了这样做的意愿和取得成功的意愿的支持。	2
Resolved Questions in Geography Is a Dominican person from Dominica or the Dominican Republic?	解决的地理问题是来自多米尼加还是多米尼加共和国的多米尼加人？	2
Resolved Questions in Quotations Cost of car insurance?	报价中已解决的问题汽车保险成本？	0
Resolving that formula you can spare yourself one vector operation by dividing the length by the desired length in order to scale a vector to it.	解析该公式后，您可以将长度除以所需长度，从而将矢量缩放至所需长度，从而为自己留出一个矢量操作。	0
Resource management is one of the most important issues in building such systems.	资源管理是建立这种系统的最重要问题之一。	0
Resources Minister Martin Ferguson says the Bill is necessary to ensure Australia can meet its international obligations to safely dispose of nuclear waste.	资源部长马丁 · 弗格森表示，该法案是确保澳大利亚能够履行其安全处置核废料的国际义务所必需的。	0
Resources provided here with the Metro Parks Tacoma logo may or may not be copyrighted property of Metro Parks Tacoma and redistributed with permission.	此处提供的带有 Metro Parks Tacoma 徽标的资源可能是也可能不是 Metro Parks Tacoma 的版权财产，并经许可重新分发。	0
RESPEC Consulting of Rapid City is developing the Total Maximum Daily Load plan for the Big Sioux River from Dell Rapids to Brandon.	拉皮德城的美国客户咨询公司正在为从戴尔急流到布兰登的大苏河制定总最大每日负载计划。	1
Respondent contends the interest on the business loan and the rental property mortgage should be deducted.	被申请人辩称，商业贷款的利息应予扣除。	0
Responding to questions, Mr. Bradley expressed his support for bilingual education programs and pledged to double a federal block grant for affordable child care.	布拉德利先生在回答问题时表示支持双语教育方案，并承诺将联邦一整笔补助金的两倍用于负担得起的儿童保育。	1
Response latencies to postural disturbances in three Biol.	对三个生物醇的体后扰动的反应延迟。	0
Restarting Press and release the button quickly to restart the CN320.	重新启动快速按下并释放按钮以重新启动 CN320 。	0
Restaurant Kitchen Working in the restaurant kitchen is difficult, prepare the dishes your customers want by following these instructions.	餐厅厨房在餐厅厨房工作很困难，请按照这些说明准备顾客想要的菜肴。	1
Resting part of his weight on his arm, he reached out with his right hand and gently began stroking her forehead with his thumb and forefinger.	他把体重的一部分放在手臂上，用右手伸出来，用拇指和食指轻轻地开始向前走。	2
Restoration will benefit the public by allowingcontinued use of original historic buildings for educational andpark uses.	修复将使公众受益，允许继续将原有历史建筑用于教育和公园用途。	0
Results are what make investors take notice of a junior public company.	结果是投资者注意到初级公共公司的原因。	2
Results demonstrated that it is feasible to control thermal deflections with proper percentages of SMA volume and prestrain within a temperature range (maximum temperature of 350 o F for HSCT).	结果表明，在温度范围内（ HSCT 的最高温度为 350 o F ），使用正确的 SMA 体积和预应力百分比来控制热偏转是可行的。	0
Results Residue estimates We sampled 2100 transects in southern West Virginia during the summer of 2002 and measured a total of 5796 pieces of logging residue.	结果残留估计我们在 2002 年夏季在西弗吉尼亚州南部采集了 2100 个截面，总共测量了 5796 块伐木残留物。	1
Results revealed that the moisture absorption was increased due to raised temperature.	结果显示，由于温度升高，吸收水分的能力增加了。	0
Retrofitting these products to make them compliant is not feasible because the rework costs would exceed the profit margin by far.	改造这些产品使其符合要求是不可行的，因为返工成本将远远超过利润率。	0
Reunions Click on the reunion tab for upcoming events!	聚会请点击聚会选项卡，了解即将举办的活动！	0
Revak was arrested when he negotiated with an undercover FBI employee for the purchase of explosive device components.	Revak 在与 FBI 的一名秘密雇员谈判购买爆炸装置部件时被捕。	0
Revealing clothing and those with offensive slogans or that promote alcohol or drugs.	揭露衣服和那些带有攻击性口号或宣扬酒精或毒品的人。	2
Reverend Father Tony Kerin, episcopal vicar for justice and social service in the Archdiocese of Melbourne, told the paper that women wanted the best of both worlds.	墨尔本大主教管区正义和社会服务的圣公会牧师托尼 · 克林神父告诉该报说，妇女想要两个世界的最好的东西。	1
Review any corrective action and procedure to monitor its effectiveness.	查看任何纠正措施和程序以监控其有效性。	0
Rex went to grab Zetsu by jumping up but he was instantly pulled back down by a hand grabbing his foot.	雷克斯跳上跳来抓 Zetsu ，但他立刻被一只手抓住脚向后拉。	1
Rey hopped into the ring as the crowd cheered loudly for him.	雷伊在人群大声欢呼的时候跳进了戒指。	2
RHCE does have a far higher rate of first time failures.	RHCE 的首次故障率要高得多。	0
Ricci got a standing ovation all three nights and I got to hear lots of positive murmurings in the crowd as they departed.	里奇在三个晚上都站了起来，我听到了很多人在他们离开的时候的积极的杂音。	2
Richie got a job at as a mechanic in a garage, leaving Duncan with the dojo to run.	Richie 在一个车库里担任了一个机械工，离开 Duncan 和 Dojo 一起跑步。	1
Richmond was one of the real success stories of the nineties, and local officials have been hailed for their great work in making a dangerous city much safer during the last decade.	里士满是 90 年代的真正成功故事之一，当地官员在过去十年中为使一个危险城市变得更加安全所做的出色工作受到了欢迎。	2
Rick Gibbons, Executive Vice President of AIG Global Marine and Energy is leading the practice.	AIG 全球海洋和能源部执行副总裁 Rick Gibbons 正在领导这一实践。	0
Ricky drove a minibus and it was a safe and comfy journey.	Ricky 开了一辆小巴，这是一次安全舒适的旅行。	0
Ricky gives her a kiss and begins to rub her back he tells her about the massage that he had promised her .He began to ask her if this marriage is too much.	Ricky 给了她一个亲吻，并开始给她擦背，他告诉她他答应给她的按摩。他开始问她这场婚姻是否太过分了。	2
Rideout incorporates natural sounds into this fluid orchestral suite and the sonic depth only further enhances the stunning and intimate visuals.	Rideout 将自然声音融入了这款流畅的管弦乐队套件，声波深度进一步增强了震撼而亲密的视觉效果。	1
Riffing off video series like this one, Sprinkle Lab, a startup that makes commercial videos for tech companies, launched a series last week that aims to speak to anyone and everyone interested in the world of entrepreneurship.	《 Riffing Off 》视频系列（如这一个），《 Spriple Lab 》（一个为技术公司制作商业视频的创业公司）上周推出了一个系列，旨在与任何对创业世界感兴趣的人和每个人进行对话。	2
Right after it the United States and other countries will recognize that independence.	此后，美国和其他国家将承认这一独立。	0
Right before I met Claire and right before I got popular and dumped my old friends.	在我遇见克莱尔之前，在我受到欢迎和抛弃我的老朋友之前。	0
Right from antique handicrafts, wooden furniture designs to kitchen accessories and gift items, these market places have the solution to every problem.	从古董手工艺品，木制家具设计到厨房配件和礼品，这些市场可以解决各种问题。	0
Right now they were just waiting for something interesting to come up.	现在，他们只是在等待一些有趣的东西出现。	0
Right now we have more than enough baby food and baby wipes.	现在，我们有足够的婴儿食品和婴儿擦巾。	0
Right of Appeal Through the legislation, Parliament has indicated that there is no right of appeal in relation to a number of decisions under the Act.	议会通过立法表示，根据该法，对若干决定没有上诉权。	0
Right on cue, an invitation for a video call flashed up on the monitor.	在提示时，视频呼叫邀请在监视器上闪烁。	1
Rikku stared in wonder at the large member that sprang up in front of her.	里克库对她面前的那个大成员感到好奇。	1
Riprapped section of Lagunitas Creek bank in southern portion of East Pasture.	东牧场南部的拉古尼塔斯溪（ Lagunitas Creek ）河岸的 Ripprapped 部分。	1
Ripu Daman only shares some of his profile information, activities and applications with friends.	Ripu Daman 只与朋友分享他的一些个人资料，活动和应用程序。	1
Rise and shine to private facilities and then breakfast with us in the dining room - a hearty choice with freshly made teas and coffees to set you up for your day ahead.	您可以在私人设施中尽情享受，然后在餐厅享用早餐 - 新鲜的茶和咖啡为您开启美好的一天，是您的不二之选。	0
Risk Identification The first step is to identify prospects for PHM.	风险识别第一步是确定 PHM 的潜在客户。	0
Rita told me of one in Hutchinson that has 10 male residents, full time nurse who administers meds and CNA care.	Rita 告诉我， Hutchinson 有一位男性居民，全职护士负责管理医疗和 CNA 护理。	0
River has four points and they must win tonight against Club Nacional if they want to glimmer of hope to advance to the next round in The Copa Libertadores.	河有四分，如果他们想在科帕利伯塔多雷斯（ Copa Libertadores ）看到进入下一轮比赛的希望，他们今晚必须赢得国家俱乐部的胜利。	2
RNID believes the service provision requirements and delivery should be separated.	RNID 认为服务供应要求和交付应该分开。	0
Robinson expressed concern with the safety aspect of the event.	鲁滨逊对这次活动的安全方面表示关切。	0
Rob: Looking at the two episodes as one big story, we had to put Mento and Beast Boy through that.	罗布：把这两集看作一个大故事，我们不得不把门托和野兽男孩都看了。	1
Rodents have long hind legs that they use a lot for jumping.	啮齿动物的双腿很长，很容易跳跃。	0
Roger lets go of the cat food bag and floats away.	罗杰把猫的食物袋放走了，然后飘来。	2
Rogers apparently fancies herself something of a marketing guru.	罗杰斯显然是一个营销大师。	0
Roger walked over to the bathroom and knocked on the door.	罗杰走到浴室，敲门。	0
Roger Woolhouse is Emeritus Professor of Philosophy at the University of York.	罗杰 · 伍尔豪斯是约克大学哲学荣誉教授。	0
Rogue 7 A pathetic attempt of a band out of the bowels of Farmington Minnesota.	流氓 7 ——一个来自明尼苏达州法明顿的乐队的可悲尝试。	2
Rogue assumed it was Deathstrike that came back and took him.	流氓以为是德特里特（ Deathstrike ）回来把他带走了。	1
Rolf responded with an interim fix within days and personally installed the change here in Portland and Detroit.	Rolf 在几天内就做出了临时修复，并在波特兰和底特律亲自安装了更改。	1
Roll the minced meat in order to make sausages about 15 cm long.	卷起碎肉，制作约 15 厘米长的香肠。	0
Romney was widely viewed as the winner of the debate.	罗姆尼被广泛认为是辩论的赢家。	1
Ronit Gabay is an inspirational speaker and world religions expert, she is a radio show host on Radio Ear Network Miami and Author.	Ronit Gabay 是一位鼓舞人心的演讲者和世界宗教专家，她是迈阿密无线电耳播网络的广播节目主持人，也是作者。	0
Ronnie remained in the same position for a while longer as Roxy made her way into the living room and made herself comfortable, falling onto the sofa and putting her legs up.	罗尼在同一个位置停留了一段时间，罗克西进了客厅，让自己感到舒适，躺在沙发上，双腿伸直。	1
Ron Paul has about as much of a chance of being elected President as Kermit the Frog.	罗恩 · 保罗的当选机会与克里米特 · 弗罗格一样多。	0
Ron was an ass so he deserved the death he got.	罗恩是一个姑娘，因此他理应得到他所得到的死亡。	2
Ron Weasley had never seen his father so angry.	罗恩 · 魏斯利从未见过他的父亲如此愤怒。	0
Room information A small number of smoking bedrooms are available upon request (these must be requested at the time of booking and are subject to availability).	客房信息可根据要求提供少量可吸烟卧室（这些卧室必须在预订时提出要求，视空房情况而定）。	0
Room upgrades: Where applicable and unless otherwise stated, offers of room upgrades shown will be determined by availability when you travel and your room will be allocated on arrival at the accommodation.	房间升级：如适用，除非另有说明，所显示的房间升级服务将根据您旅行时的空房情况而定，您的房间将在抵达酒店时分配。	0
Rooper does a lot with her body language.	罗普尔用她的肢体语言做了很多事情。	1
Rory was shocked at the man standing in front of her.	罗里对站在她面前的那个人感到震惊。	1
Rosalie banged on the door again and Bella tried to get her attention.	罗莎莉再次敲门，贝拉试图引起她的注意。	0
Rosalie filled my wine glass again and resumed laying back on her beanbag.	Rosalie 再次装满了我的酒杯，并重新躺在她的啤酒袋上。	1
Roscoe Roundabout recovered just fine but his racing career was over.	罗斯科环岛恢复正常，但他的赛车生涯已经结束。	2
Rose Bowl bound and ready to play in one of the biggest college rivalry games, the Buckeyes are ready to take on anything.	Rose Bowl 即将入场，并准备参加其中一场最大的大学竞争比赛， Buckeyes 随时准备迎接一切。	1
Rosebud5 Enjolras fired his carbine, not noticing when a guard aimed his own rifle at the blond.	Rosebud5 Enjolras 发射了他的卡宾枪，当一名警卫将自己的步枪对准金发时，他没有注意到。	2
Rose has been uncomfortable all night, but right now has forgotten about impending motherhood cuz she spotted the barn cat!	玫瑰整晚都不舒服，但现在已经忘记了即将来临的母亲，因为她发现了谷仓猫！	2
Roslyn ROCKETS is the symbol of our character education program.	罗斯林火箭是我们性格教育计划的象征。	1
Rotana Travel and Hishaam were very professional, we were extremely well looked after throughout our trip.	罗塔纳旅游公司和 Hishaam 非常专业，我们在整个旅行中都得到了非常好的照顾。	0
Rotorua Duck Tours will give a full refund in the event of a breakdown and the tour not being able to be completed in a duck.	罗托鲁瓦鸭之旅将全额退款，以防万一发生故障，且行程无法用鸭子完成。	0
Routing number depfa deutsche pfandbriefbank ag: held by risk flow from regional owners and battle products, terracycle was aforementioned to mature despite merely grilling the million borrowers.	德意志邦德布德班夫银行（ Deutsche pfandbriefbank AG ）：由于区域所有者和战斗产品的风险流而持有，尽管这只是烧烤了数百万借款人，但这辆自行车已经达到了成熟水平。	2
Rovers moved back to the top of the table thanks to a good display and two well taken Sheppard goals.	凭借出色的展示和两个精心拍摄的谢帕德目标， Rovers 重回桌面。	2
Roxas kicked Demyx in the shin and twisted his arm around.	罗哈斯踢了德米克斯，把他的胳膊扭了起来。	1
RSS makes it easy to check for updated information without going to the site directly.	RSS 使您无需直接访问网站即可轻松查看更新的信息。	0
Rubber tires against a hard road surface have a high coefficient of friction, which means they tend to grip and resist sliding against each other.	橡胶轮胎在坚硬的路面上具有高摩擦系数，这意味着它们容易抓握，并且相互阻力。	1
Rubble was tossed everywhere and the stone statues looked to have crumbled a bit as well.	瓦砾到处都被抛在了，石像看起来也有点碎了。	2
Rugby club finale BOLTON have played their final games of the season.	博尔顿橄榄球俱乐部决赛已经在赛季的最后一场比赛中取得了成绩。	1
Rule of thumb for estimating the market value of commercial and industrial properties; the ratio to convert annual income into market value.	评估商业和工业财产市场价值的经验法则；将年收入转换为市场价值的比率。	0
Rumbling and cramp in abdomen before and during stool.	在凳子之前和期间，腹部发出隆隆声和痉挛。	2
Rumia came along on hunting trips with Katniss.	Rumia 和 Katniss 一起打猎。	0
Runnicles was named music director in San Francisco in 1992.	1992 年， Runnicles 被任命为旧金山音乐总监。	0
Running down the long and seemingly unending hospital corridor, her pulse racing at such a rate she feared her heart might actually stop beating, Beckett made her way to the emergency department.	Beckett 跑了一段漫长而看似没完没了的医院走廊，她的脉搏速度太快，她担心自己的心脏可能会停止跳动，于是她前往急诊室。	1
Running Linux The system that I usually boot inside Windows is Fedora Core 6.	运行 Linux 我通常在 Windows 中引导的系统是 Fedora Core 6 。	1
Running to the cafeteria will not be tolerated.	不允许跑到自助餐厅。	1
Ruslan Morozov did the presentation on ATON Group on behalf of the company.	Ruslan Morozov 代表该公司在 aton Group 上做了介绍。	1
Russell did his usual good job with his role.	罗素在担任这一职务时表现得一如既往的出色。	0
Russell rose to his feet and nearly sat back down when he saw who the king was.	罗素站起来，当他看到国王是谁时，几乎坐下来。	1
Russia -- a member of the Middle East Quartet along with the EU, the United Nations, and the United States -- says the best way to achieve peace in the region is to work with Hamas.	俄罗斯 -- -- 中东四方的成员，以及欧盟，联合国和美国 -- -- 表示实现该地区和平的最佳途径是与哈马斯合作。	0
Russian firms profit from selling arms and nuclear technology to Iran, and Russian petroleum firms are actively seeking to invest in the Iranian oil and gas sectors.	俄罗斯公司从向伊朗出售武器和核技术中获利，俄罗斯石油公司正在积极寻求对伊朗石油和天然气部门进行投资。	0
RV and Park campground with tepees available for rent. event Highlighting schedule and local Located in activities.	房车和公园露营地可租赁，提供泰式露营。活动亮点安排和当地活动。	1
Rwanda has much more to offer than the mountain gorillas.	卢旺达比山区大猩猩有更多的东西可供选择。	1
Ryan pushed the door open fully and walked room to room unable to comprehend how his mom could just ditch them like this.	瑞安把门完全打开，走到房间里，不能理解他妈妈怎么能像这样把他们弄清楚。	0
Ryoga grew more and more aggravated at the former tennis player.	在前网球选手中，瑜伽越来越严重。	2
Sacrilegious to diehard fans perhaps but entirely plausible for this characterisation of Edward.	这种对爱德华的定性也许是对顽固粉丝的亵渎，但这完全是可信的。	1
Sadly I would not know who to check out.	遗憾的是，我不知道该去看看谁。	0
Sadly the edited version showed otherwise and Ollypop was seen in a more negative light.	可悲的是，编辑过的版本显示了其他的情况，而 Ollypop 则是从更消极的角度看待的。	1
Sadly the pocket New Testament has become a fitting picture of how many Christians view the Bible.	不幸的是，《新约》已经成为一张适合许多基督徒看待圣经的照片。	2
Safety Deposit Boxes Most banks maintain small locked boxes that may be rented by the month or by the year.	安全存款箱大多数银行都有小的锁箱，可在当月或年底前租赁。	1
Said Bo looking at the magazine Kenzi was holding.	“看着《 Kenzi 》杂志，”博称。	2
Said equipment shall be in the same condition as when delivered to Customer, normal wear and tear only accepted.	上述设备应与交付给客户时处于相同的状况，仅接受正常磨损。	1
Said main carrier has low porosity, so the redox reaction takes place in it.	据说主载体的孔隙度较低，因此氧化反应发生在其中。	1
Sai Quality Bureau is one of the leading ISO Consultants &amp; HR Consultants in Hyderabad.	SAI 质量局是海得拉巴领先的 ISO 顾问和人力资源顾问之一。	0
Sakura reached for her washcloth and unscented bar of soap, standard issue for all ANBU in the field.	Sakura 找到了她的洗面布和不香的肥皂条，这是所有 ANBU 在现场的标准问题。	2
Sakura suppressed the tears in her eyes and tried to smile.	樱花抑制了她的眼睛中的眼泪，并试图微笑。	1
Saladbeach Resort is located on Salad Beach where is in the northwest of Koh Phangan.	萨拉德海滩度假村位于萨拉海滩（ Salad Beach ），位于帕岸岛（ Koh Phangan ）西北部。	1
Salaries for new hires have similarly been affected.	新雇员的薪金也同样受到影响。	0
Sales Associate Requires promoting sales and exceptional service to customers through suggestive selling and... be required to make bank deposits .	销售助理要求通过建议性销售向客户推广销售和卓越服务，并 ... 要求提供银行存款。	1
Sally Jean really wants to ride with the big kids.	萨莉 · 让真的想和大孩子一起骑行。	1
Sam demonstrated his marketing genius by insisting on quality in a business notorious for cutting corners and thereby set the standard for the industry in the decades to follow.	Sam 通过坚持在一家因切割而声名狼藉的企业中追求质量来展示他的营销天才，从而在接下来的几十年中为该行业树立了标准。	1
Same as with the Jews in WW2 and other situations like that.	与二战时期的犹太人和其他类似情况一样。	1
Same sex couples are excluded because they disrupt those gender roles, not because they are gay.	同性伴侣被排斥在外是因为他们扰乱了这些性别角色，而不是因为他们是同性恋。	1
Sam looked nothing like Dean – the only resemblance being a cleft in the chin and the same protective expression.	Sam 看起来和 Dean 完全不一样——唯一的相似之处就是下巴的裂土和同样的保护性表达。	1
Samples may still have minimal colour variations as stated by the manufacturer.	样品的颜色变化可能仍然很小，如制造商所述。	1
Sampling precision is related to the variability of the samples used.	取样精度与所用样品的可变性有关。	1
Sam sighed and stirred his hot cocoa slowly, mesmerized by the patterns within the various shades of the chocolate liquid, preoccupied once again by thoughts of Blaine.	Sam 慢慢地叹息和搅动了他的热可可，被巧克力液体的不同阴影所迷住，再次被 Blaine 的思绪所迷住。	2
Sam smiled in return and let his head fall back against the couch.	Sam 微笑着回来，让他的头倒在沙发上。	2
Samsung and other competitors have released numerous products in different sizes and prices in order to cater to a broad swath of customers, particularly in India and China.	三星和其他竞争对手发布了多种不同尺寸和价格的产品，以满足广大客户的需求，特别是印度和中国的客户。	0
Sam was his brother; it was supposed to be what he believed in too.	Sam 是他的兄弟；他也相信他的兄弟。	1
Sanctuary City still huge pain in the ass with whacked out politics as usual...	圣所城仍然是一个巨大的痛苦，像往常一样，政治被打得一阵子……	2
Sand blows across our feet as we walk to where the sea crashes on the shore.	当我们走到海上撞车的地方时，沙子会从我们的脚上吹来。	2
Sandro Santioli reserves the right to change our online privacy policy.	Sandro Santioli 保留更改我们的在线隐私政策的权利。	1
Sandy completely understood why Ryan had done what he had.	Sandy 完全理解 Ryan 为何做了他所做的事。	0
Sapphires are available in various grades and the price varies widely between grades.	蓝宝石有不同的等级，不同等级的价格差别很大。	0
Sarah craned her head back to look at him.	莎拉把头向后摇着看着他。	2
Sarah is improving and will probably be succeptable to colds for a while.	Sarah 正在进步，可能会在一段时间内被病菌所折菌所折菌。	2
Sarah picked her steps carefully as she descended the store room stairs.	Sarah 在走出商店的楼梯时小心地选择了她的台阶。	2
Sasuke was red faced and tears were freely flowing from him.	Sasuke 脸红了，眼泪从他身上流下来。	2
Sasuke zipped up his pants and stumbled his way across the bathroom floor to where Naruto stood.	Sasuke 把裤子拉得上，无意中穿过浴室地板，走到了 Naruto 站的地方。	2
Saufi has impressed in a mediocre Perak team this season, his four Super League goals keeping the team above the relegation places for now.	索菲在本赛季平庸的佩拉克队中留下了深刻的印象，他的四个超级联赛目标让球队在目前的落后地位上保持领先地位。	2
Savage argues that Gingrich is incapable of winning the presidency for a few reasons.	萨瓦赫认为，吉格里奇由于一些原因无法赢得总统职位。	1
Save Paper Mass Media modern cell phones are no longer a single use device.	节省纸张质量媒体现代手机不再是一次性使用的设备。	2
Save Paper Microsoft Vs Linux FINAL GROUP ASSIGNMENT In recent years, Microsoft has seen a small portion of its market share be swept away by the open source movement.	Save Paper Microsoft 与 Linux 最终集团的任务在最近几年中， Microsoft 的市场份额中有一小部分被开放源代码的移动所吞噬。	2
Save Paper Tax Law And Accounting a common set of standards and procedures used for the preparation of a set of financial statements.	Save Paper Tax Law and Accounting - 一套用于编制一套财务报表的通用标准和程序。	0
Saving money on automobile insurance requires a combination of methods that improve your insurability, limit the rate of insurance policy for your vehicles, and provide you with a unique advantage when it comes to purchasing car insurance.	节省汽车保险资金需要多种方法来提高您的保险能力，限制车辆的保险费率，并在购买汽车保险时为您提供独特的优势。	1
Saw a whole lot of mining publicity also so i thought there might be a few old fashioned red necks floating around...	我还看到了很多采矿宣传活动，所以我认为可能有一些老式红脖子漂浮在周围 ...	2
Scaling up the Peace Corps to ten times its present size could be one of the smartest initiatives advanced by the next president if it is premised on a new vision, a different funding model, and an enhanced organizational form.	将和平团扩大到目前规模的十倍，如果其前提是一个新的愿景，一个不同的筹资模式和一个强化的组织形式，这可能是下一任总统提出的最明智的举措之一。	0
Scam Artists and Kooks need not snoop around.	骗子和 Kooks 不需要四处窥探。	1
Scanned images should be RGB eps or tiff files.	扫描的图像应为 RGB eps 或 tiff 文件。	0
Scarlett Napier sat in a chair wearing her new nighty that she bought earlier on in the day.	Scarlett Napier 身穿她在当天早些时候购买的新安睡袍坐在椅子上。	1
Scenery is easy to imagine as are the actions, with colourful language to spice things up.	风景和活动都很容易想象，色彩缤纷的语言可以让事情变得更加精彩。	1
Schedule a time to meet with the teacher for an oral quiz which will be designed to test your comprehension of the material presented in the presentations 3.	安排时间与教师会面进行口头测验，测验旨在测试您对演示文稿中介绍的材料的理解程度 3.	0
Scheduling flexibility is required as data collection will frequently take place on evenings and Saturdays.	由于数据收集经常在晚上和周六进行，因此需要灵活安排时间。	0
Schirach pointed out that his fifty thousand Viennese Jews were the first due for deportation.	Schirach 指出，他的 5 万名维也纳犹太人是第一批被驱逐出境的人。	1
School is really making it harder to update.	学校确实让更新变得更加困难。	2
Schools in Pleasanton, CA offer a total of three programs in crime scene investigation.	加利福尼亚州普莱森顿的学校总共提供三个犯罪现场调查课程。	1
Schools in Streamwood, IL offer a total of two risk management programs.	伊利诺伊州斯特拉姆伍德的学校总共提供两个风险管理计划。	0
Scientists from around the world are pushing in the same direction to make fusion a reality.	来自世界各地的科学家正朝着同样的方向努力，使融合成为现实。	0
Scooby popped up and flew over to Fred and Daphne.	Scooby 突然跳起来，飞到 Fred 和 Daphne 。	1
Scootaloo really looked at the apple tree seedling in front of her for the first time.	Scootaloo 真的第一次看到了她面前的苹果树苗。	2
Scope The syllabus has been designed to introduce learners to the fundamentals of computing, which will provide them with the foundations upon which to build further studies at a tertiary level.	教学大纲的范围旨在向学员介绍计算的基本原理，这将为他们提供基础，以便在高等教育一级进一步开展学习。	1
Scotties can be VERY aggressive with strangers and with anyone who annoys them.	苏格兰人对陌生人和任何骚扰他们的人都可能非常具有攻击性。	1
Scott whipped around and slashed the log Alex held that was meant to represent a hunter.	斯科特在周围呼啸着，并砍断了 Alex 所持的用来代表猎人的记录。	2
Scouts taking the citizenship merit badge took a field trip to a local market in Minneapolis named the Global Market.	获得公民荣誉徽章的童子军实地访问了明尼阿波利斯的一个名为全球市场的当地市场。	0
Scudetto rivals Juventus and Napoli clash on Sunday, but Mazzarri insisted he had no time for matters beyond those of training his team, which he harboured high expectations of.	斯库德托在周日与尤文图斯和那不勒斯发生冲突，但马扎里坚持认为，除了训练球队外，他没有时间去做其他事情，他对球队抱有很高的期望。	1
Search Calgary Real Estate for Sale provided by real estate agents and home builders.	搜索卡尔加里房地产销售，由房地产经纪人和住宅建筑商提供。	1
Search engine optimization or SEO can be a highly effective online marketing technique as it helps websites rank higher in search engine results.	搜索引擎优化（ SEO ）可以成为高效的在线营销技术，因为它有助于网站在搜索引擎结果中排名更高。	0
Search for and reserve the hotel Hotel Karahe using the links of our sponsors.	通过赞助商的链接搜索并预订 Hotel Karahe 。	0
Search for and reserve the hotel Hotel Royal Lodge using the links of our sponsors.	通过赞助商的链接搜索并预订 Hotel Royal Lodge 。	0
Searching for the best price on auto parts and auto and truck accessories?	正在搜索汽车零件，汽车和卡车附件的最佳价格？	0
Sea salt is hygroscopic and must be packaged against moisture.	海盐具有吸湿性，必须防潮包装。	0
Season extenders made of materials such as perforated polyethylene and spunbonded polyester that can be laid directly on top of plants.	季节延长器由多孔聚乙烯和可直接铺放在植物顶部的纺布聚酯等材料制成。	0
Sea turtles are abundant in Hanalei Bay; they exhibit a low incidence of the bacterial infections that are often characteristic of turtles inhabiting polluted waters.	在哈纳雷湾，海龟数量很多；它们的细菌感染发病率很低，而这些细菌感染通常是海龟居住在污染水域的特点。	0
Secondhand tobacco smoke for carcinogenicity studies in animals is produced by machines that simulate human active smoking patterns and combine mainstream and sidestream smoke in various proportions.	用于动物致癌性研究的二手烟草烟雾由模拟人类活性吸烟模式并将主流和侧流烟雾以不同比例结合起来的机器产生。	0
Second, investors may have been deterred by higher rates of inflation in Poland.	其次，波兰的通货膨胀率可能会提高，从而阻止了投资者。	1
Secondly as mentioned above, once the ball appears at the back of the ruck the ref should declare 'ball out' and defenders should be able to come round the ruck to contest it.	第二，如上所述，一旦球出现在红石后部，参考文件应宣布“滚球出”，防守者应能够绕着红石进行比赛。	2
Seconds after the assassin has catalogued the position of all the agents, they all moved into unison, surrounding him like a group of predators zoning in on their prey.	在暗杀者记录了所有特工的位置后几秒钟，他们都开始统一，把他包围起来，就像一群捕食者在他们的猎物上划上一块。	2
Second, telemarketers computer generate numbers and their equipment puts you on a call back list if you answer.	其次，电话营销人员的计算机会生成数字，如果您回答，他们的设备会将您置于回叫列表中。	1
Second, the emissions cap for emissions of acid rain precursors will put a premium on energy conservation as a means for reducing these emissions.	其次，酸雨前体排放的排放上限将对节能产生额外的影响，作为减少这些排放的一种手段。	2
Second was you using the word crap in a story.	第二个是你在一个故事中使用了“垃圾”一词。	2
Section 12 provides for a prohibition on unauthorised disclosure of information obtained by any person while performing his or her duties for the commission.	第 12 条规定禁止未经授权披露任何人在履行委员会职责时获得的信息。	0
Section 4: Event Confirmation Please confirm the event details you have entered are correct.	第 4 部分：事件确认请确认您输入的事件详细信息是否正确。	1
Secured parties and potential secured parties will be able to use it to search for, and register their security interest in personal property.	有担保方和潜在的有担保方将能够利用它来搜索和登记其在个人财产上的担保权益。	1
Security by obscurity is not security at all.	模糊的安全根本不是安全。	1
Security Tjh media has a number of security functions in place to protect the confidentiality of personal information.	Security Tjh Media 具有多种安全功能来保护个人信息的机密性。	0
See also Can you get a motherboard to boot off of a IDE controller card?	另请参阅是否可以从 IDE 控制器卡启动主板？	0
See also How to find and turn off all of the windows on my computer?	另请参阅如何查找和关闭计算机上的所有窗口？	0
See also the Documenting Lesbian Lives Oral History Project .	另请参阅记录 Lesbian 生命口述历史项目。	1
See discount Specially designed to securely hold newer and smaller cell phones.	查看专为安全存放较新的和较小的手机而设计的折扣。	1
See full article for a report, photos and video of the protest | More photos Your account You are currently not logged in.	查看完整文章以获取抗议的报告，照片和视频 | 更多照片您的帐户当前未登录。	0
See how the Cupcake Punch adds that extra touch to a variety of projects.	了解纸杯蛋糕冲头如何为各种项目增添额外的触感。	2
Seeing just how bad it was he began useing force heal.	他亲眼目睹了这种情况的多么糟糕，于是开始使用武力愈合。	1
Seeing the Hard Nut at Zellerbach Hall December 11 with Robert Cole directing a very spirited rendition of the Tchaikovsky holiday perennial elicited nostalgia.	12 月 11 日，在泽勒巴赫厅与罗伯特 · 科尔一起观看了坚果，他以一场非常热烈的方式再现了长年的柴可夫斯基假日，这让人感到怀旧。	2
Seeing the mutant from the right returning for another chance, she grabbed the overhead wrist belonging to the left nomad and pushed it along with its original curve.	她看到右边的突变再次出现，抓住了左侧坏疽的头顶手腕，并将其与原始曲线一起推。	2
Seeking to distract himself from his melancholy, Izaya looked down for a moment longer before lifting his eyes to the jewel studded Tokyo skyline.	为了分散注意力，让自己远离他的忧郁，伊斯亚俯瞰了一段时间，然后抬起他的目光，看到了东京天际线上的宝石。	1
Seek your wisdom and guidance from within and you will experience a greater peace and a chance to gather your own strength and power.	从内部寻求您的智慧和指导，您将体验到更大的和平，并有机会获得您自己的力量和力量。	2
See matching Cleo by Panache Lucille Bandeau Swim Top CW0063.	请参阅 Panache Lucille Bandeau 的匹配 Cleo 游泳上衣 CW0063 。	2
Seems a similar thing to VDPAU under linux.	与 Linux 下的 VDPAU 类似。	0
Seems he had forgot to tie his shoe laces!	似乎他忘了系鞋带了！	1
See my response to Tim below regarding Mountaineering Boots and crampons.	请参阅下面我对 Tim 的回复，了解登山靴和小山峰。	1
Seersucker Stripe Quilt & Sham Javascript Not Enabled Please enable Javascript in your browser to experience all the custom features of our site, including the ability to make a purchase.	Seersucker Stripe Quilt & Sham JavaScript 未启用请在浏览器中启用 JavaScript 以体验我们网站的所有自定义功能，包括购买功能。	0
See the example on the back of this page.	请参阅本页背面的示例。	0
See the first Fabled Lands novel on Amazon?	查看亚马逊上的第一部《传说中的土地》小说？	2
See the show ip sla monitor responder and show ip sla responder commands for more information.	有关更多信息，请参见 show ip sla monitor responder 和 show ip sla responder 命令。	0
See the show subscriber session command for more information.	有关更多信息，请参见 show Subscriber Session 命令。	0
See the Vanguard Brokerage Services commission and fee schedules for details.	有关详细信息，请参阅先锋经纪服务委员会和费用表。	0
See us before shopping for your new auto.	在购买新汽车之前，请与我们联系。	0
Seizures are the major possible risk associated with TMS, although they have only been encountered in a few patients thus far.	癫痫发作是与 TMS 相关的主要可能风险，尽管迄今为止仅在少数患者中发生过。	1
Selby said the department will continue to disseminate the message on IP protection to the business community through different channels.	塞尔比表示，该部门将继续通过不同渠道向商业界传播有关知识产权保护的信息。	0
Select a different image for your Ghost Reference.	为 Ghost Reference 选择不同的映像。	0
Select a plastic surgeon in Pittsburgh PA for breast augmentation surgery.	选择匹兹堡 PA 的塑料外科医生进行乳房扩增手术。	2
Select a vendor that products new and used ram 256.	选择一个新产品和使用 ram 256 的供应商。	2
Selected entries may also be chosen to feature as case study material or support for outreach activities with government and key opinion leaders, for example, whether they have been shortlisted for the award or not.	还可以选择选定的条目作为案例研究材料或支持与政府和主要舆论领袖开展的外联活动，例如，这些条目是否被列入了获奖名单。	1
Selectman Butt said the reasoning they had for the emergency request was because of the bad winter.	Selectman Butt 说，他们提出紧急请求的理由是因为冬天的恶劣。	1
Selectman Donison said people voted on the default budget with the understanding of the dollar amount, if they have to cut services, then they have to cut services to stay within the dollar amount.	Selectman Donison 表示，人们在了解美元金额的情况下对违约预算进行了投票，如果他们不得不削减服务，那么他们必须削减服务才能保持在美元金额以内。	2
Select one key supplier with whom your firm has had a relationship that has moved through all four of the stages.	选择一个关键供应商，您的公司与该供应商建立了关系，并已在所有四个阶段中取得了进展。	1
Select one of our offices from the dropdown office selector and get in touch!	从下拉式办公选择器中选择一个办公室，然后联系我们！	1
Select the Policies tab in the Properties window.	在“属性”窗口中选择“策略”选项卡。	0
Select your options to start searching our inventory of used cars for sale in Pittsburgh, PA now.	选择您的选项，立即搜索我们在宾夕法尼亚州匹兹堡销售的二手车库存。	0
Self control and efficient money management strategies play a vital role for you to be a successful trader.	自我控制和高效的货币管理策略对您成为成功的交易者起着至关重要的作用。	0
Selim and Yachiru probably have a bone to pick with me, and I feel bad for leaving Yachiru stranded in the FMA universe.	Selim 和 Yachiru 可能有一根骨头可以和我一起挑选，我对离开 Yachiru 被困在 FMA 宇宙中感到不好。	2
Seller Services This section includes information and real estate services for selling a home in the Nevada County area.	卖家服务此部分包括在内华达县地区销售房屋的信息和房地产服务。	1
Selphie looked at them indifferently but she could see that Squall was more depressed than usual.	塞尔菲对他们的看法不一样，但她可以看到斯夸尔比平常更沮丧。	1
Senator Young sees this as an extreme step for the city.	杨议员认为这是该市的一个极端步骤。	1
Send as I do letters to the ministers and ask them to improve the situation, join me in demonstrations on behalf of equal rights for Arab citizens.	当我写信给各位部长并要求他们改善这种状况时，请与我一起代表阿拉伯公民的平等权利举行示威。	1
Sender A host that sends an LLMNR query.	发送方发送 LLMNR 查询的主机。	2
Sending newsletters to your contacts will help keep your website in their mind and keep them returning.	向您的联系人发送新闻稿有助于让他们记住您的网站并让他们返回。	2
Sending out tendrils of chakra she sensed that there was no one in the area save her teammate and her bunshin.	她发出了一个叫 chakra 的圣巾，她感到除了她的队友和她的胫骨外，该地区没有人。	2
Send me an email or contact me on messenger.	给我发送电子邮件或通过 Messenger 与我联系。	0
Send the Green Hexbug Spider scuttling around floors and tabletops.	将绿六甲蜘蛛擦在地板和桌布周围。	2
Send us your design, ideas and we will refine them with our high qualified staff that will guide through the process of using the right stone, color and finish adequate for your design.	向我们发送您的设计，想法，我们将与我们的高素质员工一起完善这些设计，他们将指导您使用适合您的设计的合适的石头，颜色和表面。	1
Send your incoming calls to any other phone so a friend or family member can take your calls.	将您的来电发送到任何其他电话，以便朋友或家人接听您的来电。	0
Senso had come up with the idea entirely on his own, and after some pondering, he had decided not to share the idea with Kinuta.	森瑟完全是自己提出这个想法的，经过深思熟虑后，他决定不与金塔分享这个想法。	0
Sentrio ensures that only information appropriate to that trading relationship is displayed to the customer and supplier.	Sentrio 确保仅向客户和供应商显示与该交易关系相关的信息。	0
Separate meetings of the industrial sections of the ITF were also held during the conference.	会议期间，创新及科技基金工业部门也分别举行了会议。	0
Serah breathed another sigh of relief, softer this time, she had grown too accustomed to deceptions and false faces.	塞拉又发出了一个安慰的叹息，这一次她变得更加柔和，她已经习惯于欺骗和假脸。	1
Serena was walking down the aisles in between the headstones at a cemetery not far from dullsville.	塞雷娜正在从墓碑之间的通道下行走，在距离杜尔斯维尔不远的墓地。	1
Serious snow storms are ones that last a couple days.	严重的暴风雪持续了几天。	0
Serve as primary contact with corporate Product Development teams....	作为与公司产品开发团队的主要联系人 ...	0
Service items that are reimbursable at actual costs or at a travel regulation rate are not considered in the price comparison.	在价格比较中不考虑按实际成本或按旅行管制费率偿还的服务项目。	1
Sesshoumaru grew impatient and slit her sash in half and parted her white kimono.	Sesshoumaru 变得不耐烦了，把她的半个鞭抽打，把她的白色和服分开了。	2
Set against a green backdrop, the Nonno Luigino offers the sight and sounds of a variety of wildlife.	诺诺诺卢基诺（ Nonno Luigino ）以绿色背景为背景，提供各种野生动物的视觉和声音。	1
Set a intention to get hold of not less than ten folks ach week.	制定每周至少容纳 10 人的计划。	0
Set in Imperial Rome at the time of Emperor Hadrian, a teenaged boy travels across the Empire from his home in Britain to seek an audience with the Emperor.	一个十几岁的男孩在哈德里安皇帝时代就在罗马帝国，从他在英国的家中穿过帝国，寻找皇帝的观众。	2
Setsuna was walking through the hallway looking left and right at the glass cases.	Setsuna 正在走廊里行走，向左和向右看玻璃箱。	1
Setting a game plan and staying with it requires a lot of self discipline especially in the bright lights and hot action of a casino.	制定一个游戏计划并保持它需要很多自律，特别是在明亮的灯光和赌场的热动作中。	2
Settle yourself infront of your Hi fi stereo set and let the ...	在高保真立体声音响设备前放松，让 ...	0
Set up a formal review program and give performance appraisals once or twice a year.	制定正式的评估计划并每年进行一次或两次绩效评估。	0
Several cities in New Jersey now close school on the holy days.	新泽西州的几个城市现在在神圣的日子里关闭了学校。	1
Several companies were preparing to launch the initial device and service offering in the second week of January at CES, but were told to hold off at the last minute.	有几家公司准备在 1 月的第二周在 CES 上推出初始设备和服务产品，但在最后一刻被告知要暂停。	1
Several house a maze, while others are just good to hide in.	有几个房子是迷宫，而其他房子则是藏在里面的好地方。	1
Several IIF members and I have all made posts regarding this giving examples and explanations on different aspects of the bill.	我和我的几位委员都就此发表了意见，就法案的不同方面提供了例子和解释。	1
Several important advantages are gained with such a brand extension.	这种品牌扩展获得了几个重要优势。	1
Several landowners have already blocked off their field entrances.	一些土地所有者已经封锁了他们的农田入口。	0
Several nations have imposed limits on working time in an effort to combat unemployment.	为了解决失业问题，一些国家限制了工作时间。	0
Several of the stories were contest winners for various writing contests there.	其中几个故事是各类写作竞赛的获胜者。	1
Several other operators joined me and testified also.	其他几个操作人员也加入了我的行列，并作证。	1
Several outdoor decks and porches create additional living and entertaining areas.	几个户外甲板和门廊创造了更多的生活和娱乐区。	2
Several shops and restaurants are close to the hotel.	酒店附近有几家商店和餐厅。	0
Severus could feel his lungs screaming for air when suddenly he found it.	当他突然发现空气时，塞韦鲁斯可以感觉到他的肺部在尖叫。	2
Severus listened carefully and realized with grim satisfaction that the entirety of the aurors and unspeakables who could stand on their feet and fight were now rushing towards the chamber.	塞韦鲁斯仔细聆听了他的发言，并以严峻的心情意识到，所有能够站着作战的极光和无法形容的人现在都在向会议厅冲向。	1
Sexual issues in a sample of women with spinal cord injury.	脊髓损伤妇女样本中的性问题。	0
Sexually suggestive language and revealing photographs form the basis of the comparisons made.	性暗示语言和透露照片构成了比较的基础。	1
SF Business Times talks to Nils Moe about how his Presidio MBA led him to his role as Sustainability Adviser to the Mayor of the City of Berkeley.	SF Business Times 与 Nils Moe 谈论他的 Presidio MBA 如何带领他担任伯克利市市长的可持续发展顾问。	1
Shacks build from pieces of wood and tattered canvas leaned against the inner wall.	棚屋是用木头建造的，而破旧的帆布则靠在内壁上。	1
Shadow continued to look at photo with an odd expression.	阴影继续以奇怪的表达方式查看照片。	1
Shai loved the idea and when Shai loves an idea things start to happen.	Shai 喜欢这种想法，当 Shai 喜欢某种想法时，事情就会开始发生。	1
Shaking him he told him to wake up before they were both caught out there and turned into a couple of crispy critters.	他摇晃着他，让他醒过来，然后他们就被抓出来，变成了几个脆皮动物。	2
Shall assist the President and attend meetings representing the Organization as required.	应协助主席并根据需要出席代表本组织的会议。	0
Shame on you for being such an uninformed moron.	因为你是一个如此不知情的人而感到羞耻。	0
Shan and I are both looking forwards to our weekend in Atlanta next weekend.	掸邦和我都期待着下周末在亚特兰大度过我们的周末。	1
Shannon Bliss and Celia Madison have been together for five years, and recently held a dedication ceremony with their friends and family at their home in Kernville to declare their love and intention to remain together.	香农 · 布利斯和凯莉亚 · 麦迪逊已经合作了五年，最近在克恩维尔的家中与朋友和家人举行了奉献仪式，宣布他们的爱和愿意继续合作。	2
Shantel Mobile Salon and Spaw The most affectionate creature in the world is a wet dog.	Shantel Mobile Salon 和 SPAW 世界上最亲密的生物是湿狗。	2
Shape into a ball and place in an oiled bowl.	塑造成球形并放置在油碗中。	2
Share Article | The copyright of the article Tilefish are Good Aquarium Fishes in Saltwater Fish is owned by Ret Talbot.	分享文章 | 文章《鱼子是好的水族馆鱼》的版权归 Ret Talbot 所有。	1
Shared Services the target requirement is to achieve a 3% efficiency saving from any service under consideration via the shared services agenda by the development and delivery of the Shared Services Strategy.	共享服务–目标要求是通过制定和交付共享服务战略，通过共享服务议程实现任何考虑中的服务的效率节省 3% 。	1
Shareholders will be kept informed as these developments proceed.	随着这些发展的进行，股东将随时了解情况。	0
She acted all sweet but if you so much as looked at her the wrong way she sent you through the deck and into the hold with one punch.	她的行为都很甜美，但如果你看她的方式不对，她就用一个冲头把你送到了甲板上。	2
She actually shatters like a stone statue falling to the marble floor.	她实际上像一个石头雕像，落在大理石地板上。	2
She added that the wildlife centre has tried to educate poachers and shown them that the animals can be more income generating through tourism than poaching.	她补充说，野生动物中心试图教育偷猎者，并向他们表明，这些动物通过旅游业可以产生比偷猎更多的收入。	0
She added the company was standing by its decision regarding Capurro and that the other comedians had returned to the show.	她补充说，该公司正在对 Capurro 做出决定，其他喜剧演员也已重返演出。	2
She almost jumped up and punched him when he actually forced a giggle to escape the girl.	她几乎跳起来打他，当他强迫一个笑来逃脱那个女孩时。	2
She also looked at prospects for natural gas, especially the role of unconventional resources.	她还研究了天然气的前景，特别是非常规资源的作用。	0
She also said equity and inclusive education are also priorities that guide the budgetary allocations, using school feeding programmes as an example.	她还说，公平和包容性教育也是预算拨款的优先事项，以学校供餐方案为例。	1
She also spent some time posing and greeting fans who lined up to watch her walk through the departure area of the airport.	她还花了一些时间摆姿势和问候那些排队观看她在机场起飞区的行走的粉丝。	0
She and her daughter Bunny are moved into a flat with the help of her brother Steven (Keir Dullea), and she begins Bunny at a day school.	她和她的女儿 Bunny 在她的兄弟 Steven （ Keir Dullea ）的帮助下搬到了一个公寓里，她在一所日校开始学习 Bunny 。	2
She and her friends have attended Mass every week since childhood.	从童年起，她和她的朋友每周都参加弥撒。	0
She and Normden had spoken often of the possibility of their fated companionship.	她和 Normden 经常谈到他们的同伴关系的可能性。	2
She arranged the two grocery bags on her arm and walking carefully up to the front door, she pulled out her key and opened it.	她把两个杂货包放在她的手臂上，小心地走到前门，拔出钥匙打开。	1
She attended the University of Utah and graduated from BYU with a major in German and a minor in English education.	她就读于犹他州大学，毕业于 BYU ，主修德语，主修英语。	1
She attended the University of Vermont and received a degree in Political Science from the University of Denver.	她曾在佛蒙特州大学就读，并获得丹佛大学政治学学位。	0
She became frightened when she felt the hard evidence of his arousal.	当她感觉到他的声音的确凿证据时，她变得害怕。	1
She became very popular shortly after her first work in Iranian public TV.	她在伊朗公共电视台首次工作后不久就变得非常受欢迎。	0
She believes that when it comes to fuel consumption, the onus should be on the company leaders to think of better fuel optimising strategies.	她认为，在燃油消耗方面，公司领导者有责任考虑更好的燃油优化策略。	1
She bit her lip as she looked at his large bruises.	她看着他的大伤痕时，咬了她的嘴唇。	1
She blindly walked over to him and collapsed into the metal folding chair next to his own.	她盲目地走到他身边，倒进了他自己旁边的金属折叠椅。	0
She blinked up at me with brilliant brown eyes.	她用灿烂的褐色眼睛盯着我。	0
She buried her face within her neck as thrusted deeply within her taking her innocents.	她把她的脸埋在她的脖子里，因为她把无辜的人深深地埋在了她的脖子里。	2
She came down and i felt the burn of her head against my perineum.	她下来了，我觉得她的头被烧伤了，而我的阴部受到了伤害。	2
She can not talk to people or answer the door to family, and even seeing someone walk down the road makes her panic.	她不能与人交谈，也不能对家庭的大门作出回应，甚至看到有人走在路上，也使她感到恐慌。	1
She captured the first two titles of her WTA Tour career this year in Brisbane and Memphis.	她今年在布里斯班和孟菲斯获得了 WTA 巡回赛职业生涯的前两个头衔。	1
She caught the way her brother looked at Sora often at dinner she would think they were having a passionate affair.	她抓住了她哥哥在晚餐时经常看到索拉的样子，她认为他们有一件充满激情的事。	2
She chose Cleveland State University as the home for an urban college that would provide educational opportunities for students and families who could not afford a residential college.	她选择克利夫兰州立大学作为一所城市学院的所在地，该学院将为无力负担寄宿学院的学生和家庭提供教育机会。	0
She chose that moment to tell them that she was pregnant with me.	她选择那一刻告诉他们她和我一起怀孕了。	2
She claims that his script lacks an edge that comes from his tendency to overanalyze and think like somebody much older than fifteen years of age.	她声称他的脚本缺乏优势，这是因为他倾向于过度分析，认为自己像一个年龄超过 15 岁的人。	2
She clearly has taken fashion tips from the 'Dread Pirate Robert' what with the long sleeved black shirt, dark pants and black leather boots.	她显然已经从《德雷斯特 · 罗伯特》中获取了一些时尚提示，包括长袖黑色衬衫，深色裤子和黑色皮靴。	0
She cocked her head to the side, still smiling amusedly at me and giggled again.	她把头卡在一边，对我仍然微笑着，再次笑了笑。	2
She comes back with her hands full of cookies.	她回来的时候手都是饼干。	1
She comes to Kingfisher from Hennessey Public Schools where she taught for 21 years.	她从赫纳西公立学校来到 Kingfisher ，在那里她教了 21 年。	1
She concludes that both science and religion are more about the questions than the answers.	她的结论是，科学和宗教更多地是关于问题，而不是答案。	0
She continued that it was a very good meeting and she was very happy with the changes and the form of the agreement.	她继续说，这是一次非常好的会议，她对协议的变化和形式感到非常高兴。	1
She continued to fiddle with the charm and then reattached it to her Keyblade, once again forming the Oathkeeper.	她继续与这种魅力保持着联系，然后将它重新与她的钥匙片相连，再次组成了奥特马队。	2
She could feel his body heat emanating on her as he stood over her.	当她站在她的上方时，她可以感觉到他的身体发热。	1
She could feel his presence beside her and her guilt only soared.	她可以感觉到他的身旁存在，她的罪过只会激增。	2
She could feel the ink as it was dragged from her skin, like her skin was being peeled from her body.	她可以感觉到墨水从她的皮肤拖出来，就像她的皮肤被剥离身体一样。	2
She could have faced up to 10 years in jail, but prosecutors sought a lenient sentence because she confessed and expressed remorse.	She could have faced up to 10 years in jail, but prosecutors sought a lenient sentence because she confessed and expressed remore.	2
She could hear him scream at night and knew it was because of her sister.	她可以听到他在晚上尖叫，知道这是因为她姐姐。	2
She could just make out the tiny flag icon flashing in the lower right hand corner.	她可以把右下角闪烁的小旗标出来。	0
She currently works probably the most common expatriate Brit websites on the internet.	她目前在互联网上可能是最常见的外籍新娘网站。	2
She decided to go with the different shades of brown today.	她决定今天去看不同的褐色。	2
She describes how her desire for a daughter has governed her life for the last few years and how things have been since the birth of her fifth child.	她描述了她对女儿的渴望在过去几年中如何决定了她的生活，以及她的第五个孩子出生后的情况。	1
She did not care what they all thought of that.	她不在乎他们所有人的想法。	0
She didnt go to the funeral; she stayed home with her daughter and cried.	她没有去参加葬礼，她和女儿一起呆在家里，哭了起来。	0
She did that thing with her lip before she answered.	她在回答之前用嘴唇做了这件事。	1
She disappeared again into the rows of books and came back a few minutes later with an excited look on her face.	她又回到了一排书里，几分钟后又回到了她的脸上，她激动地望着她的脸。	1
She does have old fashion family values, she knows the value of money, Olga is a frugal person.	她确实有老式家庭价值观，她知道钱的价值，奥尔加是个节俭的人。	0
She does not care what anybody thinks because the faithful will continue to support her lavish lifestyle, and with very little effort on her part.	她不在乎任何人的想法，因为忠实的人会继续支持她的奢华生活方式，而她的努力却很少。	2
She doubted he would ever tire of her.	她怀疑他会厌倦她。	1
She dropped her bag onto the floor and tilted her head as she listened to the music.	她在听音乐的时候，把包放在地板上，并倾斜了头。	1
She encouraged the boys by being in the audience, and by staying afterwards for autographs and lots of smiles.	她鼓励这些男孩参加观众活动，并在之后留下来做一些亲笔签名和许多微笑。	1
Sheepskin fashion slippers Natural Sheepskin is known to be helpful in the prevention of bedsores.	据知，羊皮时尚拖鞋天然羊皮有助于预防床褥疮。	2
Sheet Product Information Ukulele Be the first to review this product!	首批审查此产品的产品信息 Ukulele ！	2
She even laughed when she fell off the horse and imagined how one of her followers would surely have become poetic about her unsurpassed elegance.	她甚至笑了，当她掉下马后，她想象着她的一个追随者肯定会对她无与伦比的优雅产生诗意。	1
She felt her arm being grabbed before she was helped out of the car.	她觉得她的手臂被抓住了，然后才被人从车里帮了出来。	1
She felt herself disappear and she watched as Ifrit attacked.	她觉得自己已经消失了，她看着伊弗里特的袭击。	1
She felt herself wavering and felt tempted to abort the experiment.	她感到自己摇摆不定，并想中止实验。	0
She felt that her children, particularly Majd, have become independent at an early age but she can rely on them.	她认为，她的孩子，特别是 Majd ，早已独立，但她可以依靠他们。	2
She finally located a whole bunch of them and sought one that had the same length as the ones she used in Kendo class, took one and stuffed two extras into the bag.	她最后找到了一堆，并找到了一个长度与她在 Kendo 课堂上使用的长度相同的文件，把一个文件塞进了袋子里。	1
She flew as high into the air as the ceiling would let her and she shot straight down.	她飞向空中的高度与天花板所能让她的一样高，她直接射下。	2
She flew up and waited for him to turn back.	她飞上来，等着他回来。	2
She followed him around everywhere he went for weeks before he began paying attention to her.	在他开始关注她之前，她在他去的任何地方都跟着他走了几个星期。	2
She frowned at Gothmog and proceeded to stomp out of her room in such fury that every stomp caused Gothmog to tremble in fear.	她在 Gothmog 皱起眉头，然后在她的房间里大口高声地下着肚子，每一口都让 Gothmog 在恐惧中颤抖。	2
She gave Buffy a dismissive eye roll and leaned back in her chair, propping her feet on the smooth library table.	她给了巴菲一个不屑一顾的眼色卷，并靠在椅子上，在平坦的图书桌上推着她的双脚。	2
She gave him an icy glare and kept walking.	她给他一个冰光，不停地走着。	2
She gazed into the lighted street when Minnie brought her into the front room, and wondered at the sounds, the movement, the murmur of the vast city which stretched for miles and miles in every direction.	当米妮把她带到前面的房间时，她凝视着灯火辉煌的街道，想知道声音，运动，这座绵延数英里，数英里的广阔城市的穆尔。	1
She glanced over toward the door where Itachi in his reanimated form was guarding and he met her eyes before quickly averting his gaze.	她向那扇门瞥了一眼，伊塔奇在那儿以他那种重新活跃的形式进行了保护，他在不久的时间里见到了她的眼睛，然后又很快地避开了他的目光。	2
She got stuck watching the house the last several times we have come to Europe.	我们最近几次来欧洲，她一直在看着房子。	1
She grabbed her phone to see if Katie texted her, instead she sees she has ten missed calls from Stacie and five missed calls from Amy.	她拿起电话看 Katie 是否给她发了短信，而是看到她有 10 个 Stacie 未接电话， 5 个 Amy 未接电话。	1
She grinned when Mary grabbed a stool from the bar for her, and all the girls followed suit.	当玛丽从酒吧里为她抓了一个凳子时，她就开始大笑了，所有的女孩都跟着走了。	2
She gripped Tiger and followed Charlie down to the living room.	她握着老虎，跟着查理下到客厅。	2
She had a line of dark green ivy down her back and her nipples were dark green as well.	她背面有一排深绿色的 ivy ，她的乳头也是深绿色的。	2
She had already heard about him from the Organization members.	她已经从本组织成员那里听到了他的情况。	0
She had an unfinished look to her compared to the first.	与第一个相比，她对她的目光还没有完成。	2
She had a small cut on her head and she was shivering violently.	她的头部有一个小切口，她正在猛烈地颤抖。	1
She had been drilled daily to stay away from anyone with the surname Malfoy.	她每天都被钻去，远离任何姓 Malfoy 的人。	2
She had been hanging around the market all morning observing.	她一直在市场上闲逛，整个早晨都在观察。	0
She had built this whole perfect world in her head, where Ginny and Harry married and Ron and I were married.	她把这个完美的世界建在了她的头上，吉尼和哈里结婚了，罗恩和我结婚了。	2
She had done an amazing job enlarging the interior to better accommodate six people comfortably; since then, it had been magicked to expand even further to house as many Aurors as needed at any given time.	她做了一项了不起的工作，扩大了室内，以更好地容纳六个人；自那时以来，她被魔术般地扩大到在任何时候都能容纳尽可能多的 Aurors 。	2
She had expressed her love in a positive caring way.	她以积极关怀的方式表达了她的爱。	0
She had fallen for him when she realized that he had burned for her not so much when he saw her, but when he spoke to her.	当她意识到他在看见她时不是太为她烧死了，而是当他和她说话时，她就为他倒下了。	2
She had five children when she was killed.	She had five children when she was killed.	2
She had forgotten Brutus' reclusive lifestyle with Giovanni and almost felt bad for brining up some wounds.	她忘记了熊队与乔凡尼的排斥性生活方式，几乎因伤痛而感到不好。	2
She had her fourth and fifth flings with Puck under the pretenses of SAT preparation.	她以 SAT 预备为借口，与 Puck 进行了第四次和第五次两次两次两侧的合作。	2
She had honestly thought that he was ready for a commitment like that.	她诚实地认为，他已经准备好作出这样的承诺。	2
She had just started reading when someone caught her attention.	她刚开始阅读，有人吸引了她的注意力。	1
She had never been the kind of person that was able to eat alot.	她从来没有像这样能够吃很多东西的人。	2
She had no resources to work with and no one to bounce ideas off of.	她没有资源可以合作，也没有人可以跳出想法。	1
She had no way to combat his magnetic sorcery when she was so close to him.	当她如此接近他时，她没有办法打击他的磁性巫术。	2
She had probably been the one that told him which radio station she listened to.	她可能是告诉他她听哪一个电台的人。	1
She had to have been the most beautiful thing he had ever seen.	她必须是他见过的最美丽的东西。	2
She had to hop the pages until she got to the page that had a spell to get her out.	她不得不跳过网页，直到她进入有咒语的页面才能把她取出。	2
She had undergone the treatment twice before and was admitted to the hospital as an outpatient on February 12 this year.	她曾两次接受治疗，并於本年二月十二日作为门诊入院。	2
She has always loved cycling and tries to give her class a fun energetic workout that pushes their cardio endurance.	她一直喜欢骑自行车，并尝试为班级提供充满活力的有趣锻炼，以推动他们的有氧耐力。	1
She has been your wife for the last four years.	在过去的四年里，她一直是你的妻子。	0
She has energized the base and brought conservatives on board.	她为基地注入了活力，并让保守派加入进来。	0
She has experience of acting for stage and screen in both classical and modern drama.	她有在古典和现代戏剧中表演舞台和屏幕的经验。	1
She has her first sexual encounter at a Frat House while she is being watched by a man that is secretly killing people.	她第一次在一个兄弟的房子里发生性接触，而她正被一个秘密杀人的男人监视。	1
She has her hands full with all the little ones.	她把所有的小手都拿满了。	2
She has just resigned from her job as a Senior House Officer in a hospital in Belfast to embark on a 4 month volunteering trip to South America.	她刚刚辞去贝尔法斯特一家医院高级内务官的职务，开始对南美进行为期 4 个月的志愿旅行。	1
She has key skills in historical research, heritage interpretation, urban planning and in leading multidisciplinary teams in the integrated assessment of cultural heritage values.	她在历史研究，遗产解释，城市规划以及领导文化遗产价值综合评估的多学科小组方面具有关键技能。	0
She has my bronze hair that goes to her waist in ringlets, and my green eyes.	她有我的铜发，用环状的头发和我的绿色眼睛发到她的腰部。	2
She has no scruples with regard to that.	她对此没有任何顾虑。	0
She has not started distribution that complicated yet.	她还没有开始这么复杂的分发工作。	1
She has work to do to repair things with Lauren.	她有工作要做的是和劳伦一起修理东西。	1
She heard a scream and rushed towards it finding her way back to her house.	她听到一声尖叫，然后急着赶往她家去。	0
She heard fighting and then one of the androids spoke.	她听到了战斗，然后一个安道尔人发了言。	2
She heard the portrait door open, and in stumbled a slightly drunken Ron.	她听见肖像门打开了，偶然发现了一个稍微醉了的罗恩。	2
She held her ears tightly while thinking of what to do.	她在思考该怎么做的时候紧紧地按住着耳朵。	0
She hooked one leg over his hip and pulled him to her, causing him to lose his balance and land on top her.	她把一条腿钩住他的髋部，把他拉到她身上，使他失去了平衡，把他放在她的上面。	2
She insists that precisely for this reason it is crucial for women to create a language in which to express our sex.	她坚持认为，正是出于这一原因，妇女创造一种表达我们性别的语言至关重要。	1
She introduced me to Sacred Spirals and shamanic breathwork.	她向我介绍了圣灵和神圣的呼吸。	2
She is also trained in acting and educated in Earth culture and history and the English language by Skrull tutors.	她还接受了斯克鲁尔导师在地球文化和历史以及英语方面的行为和教育。	1
She is an active alumna and credits UMBC with providing her both an education and an opportunity to be a pioneer.	她是一位积极的校友，她为 UMMBC 提供了教育和成为先驱的机会。	0
She is a recognized expert on local and national data systems useful in housing and urban development research and program development.	她是一名公认的，对住房和城市发展研究和方案发展有用的地方和国家数据系统专家。	0
She is loving that electronic book and going to look super cute in her 4th of July outfit this weekend!	她很喜欢这本电子书，在 7 月 4 日这个周末，她的服装看起来超级可爱！	2
She is seeking contributions of material for this very popular show activity.	她正在为这一非常受欢迎的表演活动寻找材料。	1
She is wearing a long slim dress with matching jewelry.	她身穿长袖，配着匹配的珠宝。	1
She jumped up from the couch, and hurried over to the painting.	她从沙发上跳起来，急忙上了画。	2
She jumped when her eyes landed on Santana who was holding her child.	当她的眼睛落在正在抱着孩子的桑塔纳身上时，她跳了起来。	0
She just dug the fact that he was talking to her in a friendly kind of manner.	她只是想知道他是以友好的方式与她交谈的。	2
She just keeps breathing deeply while her father takes hand.	她的父亲在身边时，只能深呼吸。	1
She just wishes it would it would have lasted a little longer.	她只是希望这种做法能持续得久一点。	1
She kissed the panting lips of the girl before her and then backed off the bed, kneeling on the floor in front of her.	她亲吻了女孩的嘴唇，然后从床上下来，跪在她前面的地板上。	0
She knelt down to Loke and blew out the small flames.	她向洛克下跪，吹出小火焰。	2
She knew herself how quickly the weather could change suddenly when a storm system moved in, and she did not want to be in the middle of class when it hit and have to deal with the people.	她自己知道当风暴系统进入时天气会有多快的变化，她不想在风暴袭击时处于中产阶级，不得不与人民打交道。	1
She knew that Richard cheated on her with other girls.	她知道理查德和其他女孩一起欺骗了她。	0
She knocked on the door and heard someone get up from the couch.	她敲了门，听到有人从沙发上起来。	0
She later continued her education in the accounting field at Rider University.	后来她继续在里德大学会计领域接受教育。	1
She leaned up and kissed him passionately, lazily draping her arms around his neck as his lips moved along her neck.	她把他的嘴唇沿着脖子移动，她就把她的双臂懒地绕在他的脖子上。	2
She let fly another arrow but the Templar rolled behind a tree.	她让另一个箭号所飞，但坦普拉尔在一棵树后面滚了转。	2
She let out a small screech in protest.	她为了抗议而发出了一个小的尖叫声。	2
She lets out a delighted squeal as she hugs the wizard back.	当她拥抱向导时，她高兴地发出了尖叫声。	1
She listened in silence, taking in his words while still not quite looking back at him.	她默默地倾听，一边听他的话，同时又不是很仔细地看着他。	1
She looked at him and smiled so widely that Spencer thought she would burst with happiness.	她望着他，笑得如此广泛，以至于斯宾塞觉得她会幸福地爆发。	2
She looked at it and then looked him in the eyes and started to cry.	她看了看，然后在眼睛里看着他，开始哭了。	2
She looked down to see the pocket watch still stuck on her dress.	她往下看，看到那把手袋仍然粘在她的衣服上。	1
She looked over her shoulders and gave him a teasing smile.	她望着她的肩膀，给了他一个令人垂青的微笑。	2
She looked to him for approval and his grin told her to continue.	她向他寻求批准，他的女服务员告诉她继续。	0
She looked up at her teacher as she felt a sudden weight on top of her, seeing his face just centimetres away from hers.	她抬头看着老师，因为她觉得她的脸上突然重了，看到他的脸离她只有几厘米远。	2
She looked up to see Shalimar grinning above her.	她抬头看 Shalimar 在她上面打了个笑。	2
She loves to look out the sliding glass doors in our apartment, but she barks at everything, like leaves blowing by in the wind, cars that drive by and pretty much anything else that moves.	她喜欢望着我们公寓里的滑动玻璃门，但她对一切都大喊着，比如风中吹来的树叶，开车经过的汽车，还有其他几乎可以移动的东西。	1
She made it sound like Michael had control over the settlement, rather than making it sound like she pulled his balls out of a wringer.	她说这听起来像是迈克尔控制了定居点，而不是像她把球从一个刺手那里拉出来。	2
She makes a small sound of protest and I look over my shoulder as she stands up.	她发出了一个小小的抗议声，当她站起来的时候，我看着我的肩膀。	2
She makes cool work of heavy decisions by day with the sure use of a regular yoga practice.	她每天都在做繁重的决定，并确保使用常规瑜伽练习。	1
She may also be getting pressure from the father of the child, so if you can read HIM the riot act, you should also do that.	她也可能受到孩子父亲的压力，所以如果你能读出他的暴动，你也应该这样做。	1
She may have lied and said that she was popular and loved back at home, but she was sure that she would get a few sponsors.	她可能说谎说她在家里很受欢迎和爱，但她确信她会得到几个赞助者。	2
She may tell you her story but if she does not then you will have to give her time.	她可能会告诉你她的故事，但如果她不告诉，你就必须给她时间。	0
She means well but I feel does not have the knowledge or drive to assist my students and me.	她的意思很好，但我觉得没有知识或动力来帮助我和我的学生。	2
She met gentle brown eyes with fear filling her own and at a loss for words.	她见到了温柔的棕色眼睛，害怕自己被填满，害怕被言语所剥夺。	1
She met her mother at a Starbucks not far from her apartment in DC.	她在离华盛顿公寓不远的一家星巴克与母亲见面。	0
She might be offended and could even cause her not to want another date with you.	她可能会被冒犯，甚至可能导致她不想再与您约会。	0
She might save a few people including herself a lot of heartache.	她可能会拯救一些人，包括她自己，让她心疼得多。	2
She moved quickly out of the way allowing the fighter to step into the middle of the ring.	她很快就离开了，让战斗机进入了环形的中间。	2
She moves her mouth over his lips as she grips the sides of his head.	她把嘴巴移到嘴唇上，抓住他的头两侧。	2
She need to get Merlin out of this cell and into the sunlight, where he could receive some natural heat.	她需要让 Merlin 走出这间牢房，进入阳光下，在阳光下，他可以得到一些自然的热量。	1
She never even knew that she had a choice.	她甚至不知道她有选择。	0
She never pictured that they would happen like this.	她从未想象过这样的事情会发生。	0
She never took her eyes off him, not when he was like this with the total control over her.	她从来没有把她的眼睛从他身上取下来，而不是当他完全控制着她的时候。	2
She nodded and they fell into an awkward silence.	她点头，他们陷入了尴尬的沉默。	0
She no longer cared about making it out alive.	她不再关心如何使它活下来。	0
She noticed a figure decked in white and red clothing walking behind them and was certain that nobody from the workers dressed that way.	她注意到一个穿着白色和红色衣服的人在他们后面行走，她确信工人中没有人穿这种衣服。	1
She noticed that the tips were a little hardened, and that he probably had some blood there that had dried and caused his hair to stick together.	她注意到，小费有点硬，他可能有一些血液干了，导致头发粘在一起。	2
She opens the door and started looking for Ashley.	她打开大门，开始寻找 Ashley 。	0
She paced back and forth across that piece of moor almost as if waited for someone.	她在那一片摩托上来回跑，仿佛在等待某人。	2
Shepard has always assumed that she convinced Wrex to stand down on Virmire, but maybe he has always been secretly loyal to her.	Sheppard 一直认为，她说服 Wrex 站在 Virmire 的一边，但也许他一直对她忠诚。	1
She persuaded Joe Martin to move from California and work at PVU.	她说服 Joe Martin 离开加利福尼亚，在 PVU 工作。	0
She picked up the flute of champagne and took a drink.	她拿起香槟的长笛子，喝了一杯。	1
She placed her hand on the one Draco had on her neck.	她把手放在德拉科的脖子上。	2
She pointed at the garden that got into ruins due to Jaune.	她指着因沙恩而陷入废墟的花园。	0
She pointed out a distance where I could see a familiar girl running towards us.	她指出了一段距离，我可以看到一个熟悉的女孩向我们跑。	1
She presented a song of the late Kavi Yogi Suddhananda Bharati, whose output of songs for Bharatanatyam is prodigious.	她演唱了已故的 Kavi Yogi Suddhananda Bharati 的歌曲，他为 Bharatanatyam 演唱的歌曲的输出非常丰富。	2
She pressed tight against him of her own accord and he hissed in surprise.	她自相自相紧地向他施压，他对此感到惊讶。	1
She propagates that exercise, mental relaxation and healthy eating all contribute to a healthy lifestyle and beautiful body.	她宣传运动，精神放松和健康饮食都有助于健康的生活方式和美丽的身体。	1
She provided a similar view regarding the importance of relationships and collaboration at an executive level: I mean the main thing I think it comes down to is the legitimacy we have within the organisation.	她对行政层面的关系和协作的重要性也提出了类似的观点：我的意思是我认为最重要的是我们在组织内的合法性。	0
She pulled back enough of her shirt to see the skin underneath, and what she feared of seeing was there before her.	她把衬衫拉回了足够多的地方，看着下面的皮肤，她害怕看到的是她前面的东西。	2
She quickly changed into a tank top and an old pair of flannel pajama pants.	她很快就变成了坦克车顶和一条旧的全渠道睡衣裤。	2
She ran to the fire that was lit in the center of the small town and stared into the flames.	她冲向小镇中心点燃的火焰，朝火焰里望着。	0
She ran up the steps and wrapped her hands around his neck, shielding his shining body from the sun.	她跑上台阶，把手围在脖子上，屏住阳光下的光辉的身体。	1
She reached out and trailed her forefinger across the turgid length of his sex.	她伸出来，把她的食指拉过他的性别的胆量。	2
She reached the bedroom where every girl was fast asleep on their mats, including Ryo.	她到了卧室，每一个女孩都在垫子上快速入睡，包括罗育。	1
She reaches out for Jack and her fingers brush his for a moment.	她伸出手去为杰克，她的手指刷了一会儿。	2
She really likes to lay at your feet and in her new foster home she has already started to loose some of those excess pounds by playing around with a buddy.	她真的很喜欢躺在你的脚上，在她的新的寄养家庭，她已经开始通过和一个朋友一起玩耍来释放一些多余的钱。	2
She received Communion frequently, and was able to venerate the Kursk Root Icon of the Mother of God just a few days before her repose.	她经常收到 Communion 的消息，在她重新摆位前几天，她就能向上帝母亲的 Kursk 根图标敬拜。	2
She remembered how she got the disapointed and sad feelings after that day even when the flower had grown very well.	她还记得那天之后，即使花生长得非常好，她也是如何感受到失望和悲伤的情绪的。	1
Sherlock felt a bit at the end of his rope.	夏洛克在他的绳子的末端感到有点像。	2
Sherlock lay with his face pressed into the fabric of the chair trying to keep his emotions in check.	夏洛克躺在椅子上，脸被压入椅子的织物，试图阻止他的情绪。	1
Sherlock on the other hand I derived completely and only from the BBC adaptation, as the literary Holmes has quite a different personality.	另一方面，谢洛克我完全是从英国广播公司改编而来的，因为文学 Holmes 有着相当不同的性格。	1
Sherlock watched as he walked away to sit next to Anderson who looked over at Sherlock and then announce loudly.	谢洛克在离开的时候看着，坐在安德森旁边，安德森俯瞰着谢洛克，然后大声宣布。	2
She rolls her eyes and closes the closet door.	她翻了眼睛，关上了衣柜门。	1
She said amongst other things that Liverpudlians sounded uneducated and she urged them to have elocution lessons which I think in Liverpool are often known as electrocution lessons.	她说，利弗普利亚人听起来没有受过教育，她敦促他们学习洗脱课程，我认为在利物浦，这些课程通常被称为电击课程。	1
She said she always thought one of us did it.	她说，她总是认为我们中的一人做到了。	1
She said she believes the candle she lit can guide the way for the dead to go to heaven.	她说，她相信，她点燃的蜡烛能够引导死者前往天堂。	1
She said something about his ninja obsession getting to much.	她说了一些关于他忍者的痴迷的事情。	2
She sat down in the old rocking chair, and gently rocked as she cradled the infant in her lap.	她坐在老摇椅上，在膝盖上的婴儿摇摆时，她轻轻地摇晃。	2
She sauntered over with menus and a coffee pot to fill their cups, offering up the standard pleasantries and informing them she would be back in a few for their order.	她用菜单和咖啡壶来填满杯子，提供了标准的快乐，并告诉他们她会回来点餐。	2
She saw him asking if she was alright and signalled that she was ok.	她看见他问她是否好，并表示她还可以。	2
She saw that it came from shizune who seems to have went to sleep from exhaustion maybe or just a blissful nap after sex.	她看到这是来自沙丘的，她似乎从疲惫中睡觉，或者只是一个幸福的性交后的小睡。	2
She scrunched up her face and began to play with the hair on the back of my neck.	她把脸擦起来，开始和我脖子背上的头发一起玩耍。	2
She seemed a bit too large in the first pass.	在第一轮中，她似乎有点太大了。	2
She shifted in the chair and he turned right back around.	她在椅子上转了转，然后他又转了回来。	2
She shook her head and leaned up to kiss his cheek before going up to bed.	她摇头，在上床睡觉前，靠起来吻他的脸颊。	0
She shouted back that they should slip out some air from the wings.	她喊道，他们应该从翅膀里吹出一些空气。	2
She sighed as she walked over to where her metal bat was sitting and picked it up.	当她走到她的金属蝙蝠所在的地方时，她叹息，拿起了金属蝙蝠。	1
She slid her tongue into his mouth as she undid the belt and button on his jeans as she has backed herself up against tree.	当她在树前的时候，解开了牛仔裤上的腰带和按钮，她把舌头滑入嘴里。	2
She slinks around various locales in New York City, including the subway, the park and her office, suggestively sidling up to images of Mr. Obama while proclaiming her adoration for him.	她在纽约市的各个地方，包括地铁，公园和她的办公室周围闲逛，暗示在宣布对奥巴马先生的敬拜时，对他的形象有了正确的认识。	0
She smiled and the Prince could see the glint of darkness in her blue eyes.	她笑了笑，王子可以在她的蓝色眼睛里看到黑暗的光芒。	2
She smiled as if proud that she had just completed some grat feat with nothing short of the highest score.	她笑了起来，仿佛感到骄傲的是，她刚刚完成了一场以最高分数为标准的格拉特壮举。	1
She smiled a tiny smile as she ran her finger along his cheekbone, noticing the lack of definition in the muscles.	她笑了一个小微笑，她把手指沿着他的颊骨奔跑，注意到肌肉缺乏定义。	2
She smiled happily when she saw the crumpled car at the bottom of the ravine, it had caught fire as well.	她高兴地笑着，当她看到那辆在沟谷底部的碎裂车时，它也着火了。	1
She smirked and looked at him but he was staring at the blood bag of which she had already drunk the half.	她打了个大号，望着他，但他却盯着她那半个月已经喝醉的血袋。	2
She snuggles with him at night, so I guess she likes the gentle approach.	她在晚上跟他碰了手，所以我想她喜欢那种温和的方法。	1
She spent time with her fans and that is probably why she is so popular.	她和粉丝在一起，这可能是她如此受欢迎的原因。	1
She spoke vividly of the three different men she dances with.	她生动地谈到了她与三个不同的男人一起跳舞。	0
She stared down at her stomach, even with her wearing the next sized up uniform, it was possible to see the little baby bump.	她的胃下了大床，即使穿着下一个尺寸的制服，也可以看到小的婴儿肿块。	2
She started bleeding from the mouth one day.	有一天，她开始从嘴里流血。	1
She started paddling her feet furiously while Seifer lifted her off the ground.	她开始猛地划着脚，而西法将她抬离地面。	2
She started to squirm and whimper all over again.	她又开始到处乱动。	0
She starts running the way she came only to literally bump into her pursuer.	她开始以她的方式跑，只是为了真正地冲进她的追球。	1
She still has feelings for Kaname Ohgi, with whom she was involved before the Black Rebellion.	她仍然对卡纳梅 · 奥基有感情，她在黑人叛乱前与他有牵连。	1
She stopped short as a soft sound made her whip around.	她停下脚步，因为一个柔和的声音让她四处转了转。	1
She stretched, an action that made her yawn, and then sat down on her bed, frowning as she remembered the heated conversation between her and Robin that had occurred that afternoon.	她的动作让她大头大马，然后坐在床上，皱起眉头，因为她记得那天下午她和罗宾之间的激烈谈话。	2
She stumbled to get words out of her mouth.	她无意中从嘴里得到了言语。	2
She supposes that maybe the teachers forgot to teach her that color in kindergarten or something like that.	她认为，也许老师忘记在幼儿园或类似的地方教她那种颜色。	1
She surprised them all by putting up a considerable fight.	她展开了一场相当大的战斗，使他们都感到惊讶。	0
She takes a bath, letting the soothing warm water wash away the dirtiness that she felt from the flight here.	她洗了个澡，让温暖的水洗掉了她在这里的飞行中所感受到的肮脏。	0
She teased Edward about his shortness again but retained that reserved politeness she had adopted upon coming into the house.	她再次向爱德华追上他的短处，但保留了她在走进房子时所持的保留态度。	2
She then blocked his passage by standing right in front of him.	然后她站在他面前阻止了他的通行。	0
She then decided to proceed to the hospital to see for herself, what her condition might be.	然后她决定去医院亲自去看她的病情。	1
She then describes some typical problem behavior scenarios experienced by companion parrot owners.	然后，她描述了伴随鹦鹉所有者所经历的一些典型问题行为情景。	2
She then injected a needle into her arm and after a few seconds the elf was unconscious again.	然后她将一根针头注入她的手臂，几秒钟后，精灵又失去知觉。	1
She then sat on the couch and turned on the TV.	然后她坐在沙发上，打开电视。	0
She then woke up the other seven residents of the Laine household and got them to the table to eat one final meal as a family.	然后，她叫醒了 Laine 家的其他七名居民，让他们一家就餐吃最后一顿饭。	1
She thinks of the New Years' Eve they spent in the squad room watching the documentary film that Brodie had made on them.	她想起了他们在小队的房间里度过的新年前夜，看着布罗迪在他们身上拍摄的纪录片。	2
She thought, trying to rub her head but found that her arms were no longer hers, in fact, she could not even feel her arms.	她想，她试图擦头，但发现她的胳膊已经不再是她的了，事实上，她甚至不能感觉到她的胳膊。	1
She tip toed daintily as she searched the cupboards.	她在搜查橱柜的时候，向她发了一个发嘴。	2
She told the court that Shipanga committed the murder, and that he later told her he had killed her husband because Mr Fellinger did not understand him.	她告诉法庭说， Shipanga 犯了谋杀罪，后来他告诉她，他杀死了她的丈夫，因为 Fellinger 先生不明白他的意思。	0
She took a deep breath of the morning air.	她深呼吸了早晨的空气。	0
She took the clock off the wall, turned on the radio, and caught the song about dreams, then got to work on the needles on the porch.	她把时钟从墙上取下来，打开收音机，抓住了关于梦想的歌曲，然后在门廊的针上工作。	2
She took the steps two at a time, jogging up to her room after a long night.	她一次走了两步，在一个漫长的夜晚后慢跑到她的房间。	2
She took very good care of her and urged her to resume her cultivation.	她非常照顾她，并敦促她恢复修养。	0
She toyed between a RN and BSN and ultimately realized that a BSN is not necessary in our area unless she plans to work at some of the larger city (Philadelphia) hospitals.	她在 RN 和 BSN 之间进行了切换，最终意识到除非她计划在一些较大的城市（费城）医院工作，否则我们地区不需要 BSN 。	1
She tried once more then remembered she had the funny door that opens when you turn the nob left.	她再试一次，然后又记得她有一扇有趣的门，当你把势利者左转时，那扇门就会打开。	2
She tried to recall where she was and what had happened, but all she could remember was having gone onto the island with Killian.	她想回忆一下她在哪里以及发生了什么，但她所能记住的只是和 Killian 一起上岛。	0
She turned around in her bed for the umpteenth time.	她在床上转了无数次。	2
She turned around to get a look at him before answering.	她在回答之前转身去看他。	0
She turned from the shop window to resume her walk with him.	她从商店窗口转过来，继续跟他走。	1
She turned to look at him; her dark brown curls glistening in the sunshine.	她转向看着他，她那黑棕色的卷发在阳光下闪闪发光。	0
She turned to see a tall boy pulling his arm behind his head as he followed the stretches.	她转过身去，看到一个高大的男孩在他的头后面拉着他的手臂，他跟着拉伸。	1
She uploaded a photo of her wearing motel and was chosen to win a motel dress.	她上传了一张她穿着汽车旅馆的照片，并被选为赢得一件汽车旅馆服装。	2
She used her finger to draw invisible circles on the table.	她用手指在桌子上画了不可见的圆圈。	1
She used the Internet to find the number of grams of fat in each of these items at one popular restaurant.	她利用互联网在一家受欢迎的餐厅里找到每种食物中的脂肪含量。	1
She uses WAY too much shampoo that I can even smell her hair by a 20 ft. distance.	她用的洗发水太多了，我甚至能在 20 英尺的距离内闻到头发的味道。	0
She uttered a shriek and sank on the sofa.	她喊了一声，躺在沙发上。	0
She waited for the camouflaged yellow beaver that peeped out from the floorboard that met the furthest wall from the entrance.	她等待着那个伪装的黄色海狸从地板上偷窥，而地板与入口最远的墙面相遇。	1
She walked some more and more until it became night.	她走了越来越多的路，直到晚上。	2
She wanted him to be the first one to sit in her chair before Take Five officially opened for business.	她想让他成为第一个坐在她的椅子上的人，然后去参加五个正式开业的生意。	2
She wanted them to get comfortable with one another, get used to each other and complete themselves with their presences.	她希望他们能够彼此适应，相互适应并完成他们的存在。	2
She wanted to lock all her memories up in this tiny house and leave, and never come back.	她想把她所有的记忆锁在这间小房子里，然后离开，再也不会回来了。	0
She wanted to make sure she was okay with this.	她想确保她对这一问题没有把握。	2
She was about the only girl in Hogwarts who showed more cleavage in a day than she showed brains in her five years there.	她是霍格沃茨唯一一个在一天中表现出比她在那里 5 年中表现出大脑更宽大的女孩。	2
She was all for expanding her horizons, but things were moving a bit too fast for her at the moment.	她的目的是拓展她的视野，但对她来说，事情的发展速度有点太快了。	0
She was always so strong and resilient, that Elijah sometimes forgot that deep down she was still the fragile young girl he had first met.	她总是那么坚强和有韧性，以至于 Elijah 有时忘记了她的深处，她仍然是他第一次遇到的脆弱的年轻女孩。	1
She was a mountaineer on Denali and a volunteer National Park Service Ranger where her responsibilities were mainly to assist in high altitude rescues.	她是德纳利的一名登山者和一名国家公园服务志愿者 Ranger ，她的职责主要是协助高空救援。	1
She was a very old lady hamster when she died.	她死了，她是一个非常老的女主人。	1
She was beautiful no doubt, one of the original Succubus from what I could gather from Emmett.	毫无疑问，她很漂亮，这是我从 Emmett 可以收集到的原始 Succubus 之一。	2
She was bleeding slowly out of her cheeks, on one shoulder, and both arms, as well as the insides of her thighs, and different fluids were mingling with her blood.	她正慢慢地从脸颊上，肩膀和双臂以及大腿的内侧流血，不同的液体与她的血液混合在一起。	2
She was certain the answer was somewhere in one of them.	她确信答案是其中一个。	0
She was completely out of her element, and though the concept thrilled her and she was excited to be with Leah, Bella had no idea what to do.	她完全脱离了她的元素，虽然这个概念让她激动，她也很高兴能和 Leah 在一起，但贝拉不知道该怎么做。	1
She was fighting with Harry and he told her to go somewhere, for a short period of time, and then return.	她和哈里打架，他让她去某个地方，短暂的一段时间，然后再回来。	2
She was going to find him, and just hope that the words she needed would find a way to her when she needed them.	她要找他，只希望她所需要的词能在她需要时找到一种方法。	2
She was gone by the time I made it outside so I climbed into my Denali and started my drive home.	当我把它放在外面的时候，她就走了，所以我爬上了我的德纳利，开始开车回家了。	2
She was great in customizing exactly how I wanted my wedding flower arrangements.	她很好地定制了我想要的婚礼花儿安排。	2
She was just discussing some of the finer points of Hogwarts, a History when the doors opened once more to show Draco Malfoy.	她只是在讨论霍格沃茨的一些更好的观点，这是一个历史，当门再次打开来展示德拉科 · 马尔福伊。	2
She was looking deeply into the night sky while Shikamaru looked at her.	她正深望夜空，而希卡马鲁却望着她。	0
She was much more excited than Momiji had seen in some time.	她比 Momiji 在一段时间里看到的更兴奋。	1
She was murdered on her way home from her last dayof studying.	她从上学的最后一天开始回家的路上被杀害。	2
She was not only rude to us, but she was also rude to an elderly women who was behind us in line.	她不仅对我们很粗鲁，而且对一位在我们队后面的老年妇女也很粗鲁。	0
She was often times entertained by some reading as well as disgusted or frightened.	她常常被一些阅读所逗得开心，也被厌恶或恐惧所吓倒。	1
She was pale and cold, the delicate lines of her profile conveyed a certain aloofness of spirit, and her mouth drooped at the corners.	她脸色苍白，冷酷，她的形象的微妙线条传达了某种精神的神情，她的嘴在角落里垂着。	2
She was paralyzed from the waist down and would never be able to have another baby.	她腰部下瘫痪，再也不能生孩子了。	0
She was pretty sure that she was visibly shaking.	她很确定她明显在摇晃。	1
She was resistant at first, but she eventually decided to leave when she found out Mark would probably be very tired and in a lot of pain.	起初她很抗拒，但当她发现 Mark 可能会非常累，并且会感到痛苦时，她最终决定离开。	0
She was right he regretted his promise already.	她是对的，他已经对他的承诺感到遗憾了。	2
She was roughly shoved aside and tripped back onto the scrawny sofa.	她被推倒在一边，跳回到了那张斯拉夫尼沙发上。	1
She was sad for Sirius, after all being dead was hard; but it would be good for James to have his best friend back.	她对 Sirius 感到悲伤，因为他死得很难；但詹姆斯最好的朋友回来是好的。	2
She was shaking and the smell of terror was streaming from her pores.	她正在摇晃，恐怖的气味从她的孔隙中流下。	2
She was shivering with anger at the violation of her privacy.	她对侵犯她的隐私感到愤怒。	1
She was smiling as she handed over his schoolbag.	当她交出书包时，她微笑着。	1
She was so happy with him and they had set their wedding year and date too.	她对他很满意，他们也确定了他们的结婚年和日期。	1
She was speaking with Quatre and Dorothy; her back was to the approaching Gundam pilot.	她正在与 Quatre 和 Dorothy 交谈；她的背部是接近的 Gundam 飞行员。	2
She was startled to find the girl already staring back at her.	她惊讶地发现那个女孩已经在盯着她。	1
She was there in his drawing room only a few hours earlier.	她几个小时前就在他的客厅里。	0
She was torn between her allegiance to the darling Henry and her fear of the terrible machine.	她在效忠于亲爱的亨利和害怕这台可怕的机器之间被撕裂了。	1
She was under enough stress as it was, and insulting the Order had always been one of her pet peeves.	她受到了足够的压力，侮辱命令一直是她的一只宠物皮。	2
She was very well know in numerous churches for her teaching.	她在许多教会里都非常了解自己的教学。	2
She was well known for keeping unruly youngsters in line.	她以保持年轻的不守规矩而闻名。	2
She watched the subtle movement of his shoulders, of his dark hair against his collar and the back of his neck.	她看着他的肩膀，他的深色头发与他的领口和脖子背的微妙动作。	1
She went back to London with her people, and outwardly took up life and society again much where she had left it two years before.	她和她的人民回到了伦敦，从表面上看，她在两年前离开的地方又重新开始了生活和社会。	1
She went into the bathroom and pulled a hairbrush and some dark eyeliner from a drawer.	她走进浴室，从抽屉里拿了一个发刷和一些深色的眼睑。	2
She went to her room to work on the new doll she found.	她到了她的房间去工作，找到了一个新的娃娃。	2
She went to the spot where she had first talked to Malfoy.	她去了她第一次与 Malfoy 交谈的地方。	0
She will address the challenges you encountered during your style immersion and help you define the next steps to continue on your style journey.	她将解决您在沉浸式风格过程中遇到的挑战，并帮助您定义接下来的步骤，以继续您的风格之旅。	2
She will let you know what date we will be attending the game and if it will be a day or night game on or about the end of December.	她会告诉你我们将参加比赛的日期，以及这是 12 月底或 12 月底的白天还是夜间比赛。	1
She will promote the new Tomb Raider: Underworld title which comes out on November 21.	她将于 11 月 21 日推出新的《墓里德：地下世界》（ Tomb Raider ： Underworld ）称号。	1
She will represent Texas Farm Bureau at various events over the next year.	她将代表德克萨斯州农场局参加明年的各种活动。	0
She will then tell you all details concerning the booking procedure.	然后她会告诉您有关预订程序的所有详细信息。	0
She wiped herself off and now beach sex could see thered lips.	她把自己擦干了，现在海滩上的性爱可以看到被束缚的嘴唇。	2
She wore a white dress and wielded a sword with a strange curve.	她身穿白色的裙子，用一把奇怪的曲线剑。	1
She wore long black pants that had bell bottoms.	她穿的是长黑裤子，有着钟装。	2
She worked her whole life in informal jobs, not paying taxes or collecting retirement income.	她一生都在非正式工作中工作，没有纳税，也没有领取退休收入。	1
She works at one of the local bars and I am a bit smitten with her.	她在当地的一家酒吧工作，我对她有点不好。	0
She would go weekly and it would get David off her back for now at least.	她会每周去一次，至少现在会让大卫离开她的后背。	2
She would have Alyss Heart as a daughter whether Genevieve was alive or dead.	无论 Genevieve 是活着还是死亡，她都将阿里斯心作为女儿。	2
She would return to California for interviews and other things but she would be doing most of her work from Louisiana.	她将返回加利福尼亚接受采访和其他活动，但她将从路易斯安那州完成大部分工作。	1
She would teach the new younglings about the formation of the Republic and well as history of the Jedi and Sith wars.	她将教新的年轻人关于共和国的组成以及吉迪和西斯战争的历史。	1
She would use this laziness to her best interests by lying down and becoming like a snowdrift until her prey came near and then would pounce on them.	她会利用这种懒惰的心态来达到她的最大利益，躺在地上，像雪上一样，直到她的猎物接近，然后向他们扑来。	2
She yanked her arm away and scrambled up from the sand.	她把胳膊拽离，从沙子里乱了起来。	2
Shikamari Nara inherited her parents incredible IQ's and unparallel strategic thinking that both Shikamaru and Temari possessed.	Shikamari Nara 继承了她的父母令人难以置信的智商和不平行的战略思维， Shikamaru 和 Temari 都拥有这种思维。	1
Shinji stared at the commander after he finished his tirade.	新吉在结束了他的摩擦后，向指挥官盯着他。	2
Shin made a dramatic comeback from behind and chased Hull, amassing four birdies in the first four holes.	申某从后起的头 4 个球洞中击出了 4 个小鸟球，并追上了赫尔（ Hull ）。	2
Shin turned even redder as she purred slightly and nuzzled his side.	”申某在轻度地进行净化后，把自己的侧边微微地吹了出来，从而变得更加发红了。	2
Shipped next day and took great pains to ensure item was packed well so it would not be damaged.	第二天发运，并花了很大的努力来确保商品包装良好，以免损坏。	1
Shiro is just as dominate as him, so its only natural that Grimm would be on the receiving end at some point.	希罗和他一样统治着，所以格林在某种程度上会成为接收者，这是唯一的自然现象。	2
Shoeless Joe Jackson According to Jackson, he got his famous nickname well before he reached the Major Leagues.	“不穿鞋的乔 · 杰克逊”表示：“在进入美国职业棒球大联盟之前，他获得了著名的绰号。	1
Shop displays are done both in the exterior and in the interior of the store.	商店展示在商店的外部和内部进行。	1
Shopping Cart 0 items Secure Checkout Manufacturer Info - Other products Notifications Notify me of updates to OCN Cichlid Basic Lg* 16oz Tell A Friend Tell someone you know about this product.	购物车 0 项安全结帐制造商信息 - 其他产品通知通知我有关 OCN Cichlid Basic LG* 16 盎司的更新告诉朋友告诉别人您知道该产品。	2
Short answer questions enable an assessment of their ability to critically engage with a wide range of the subject material.	简短回答问题有助于评估他们严格参与各种主题材料的能力。	0
Short dresses are youthful and the shape of this dress gives you nice curves if you have a relatively straight body structure.	短裙子是年轻的，如果你有相对直的身体结构，这种裙子的形状会给你很好的曲线。	2
Shortly after, a box came in the mail with a selection of some of these new hooks that are certainly going to be interesting to the trout angler.	不久之后，邮件中就有一个盒子，里面有一些新钩子，这些钩子对鳟鱼的喂者来说肯定会很有趣。	2
Shortly after, their trip came to a sudden stop as they drove into an old village.	不久之后，他们的旅行突然停下来，开车进入一个老村庄。	1
Shortly afterward, Marshall accompanied Andrews on an extended inspection trip to GHQ Air Force combat units across the country, as well as visits to Air Corps support installations and several aircraft manufacturing plants.	随后不久，马歇尔陪同安德鲁斯前往全国各地的 GHQ 空军作战部队进行了长时间的视察，并参观了空军支援设施和几个飞机制造厂。	0
Short term holiday loans are those loans that allow you the option of repaying the loan in shorter period.	短期假期贷款是指允许您选择在较短时间内偿还贷款的贷款。	2
Shot after shot was released, each dissipating into nothingness upon reaching Davros.	射门释放后的射门，到达达沃斯时每一个都消散到了空。	2
Should be fine by the time we get to school.	在我们上学的时候应该是好的。	2
Should have got the ball out of the box with more authority as a bad clearance allowed Messi to score his second goal.	本该以更大的权威将球从盒子里取出来，因为糟糕的清除让梅西取得了他的第二个进球。	2
Should I pay for hours on type (and then companies will tell me that I do not have enough hours)?	我是否应该按类型支付小时（然后公司会告诉我我没有足够的时间）？	2
Should she trust these men enough to sleep with them here?	她是否应该信任这些人，让他们睡在这里？	2
Should the definition of not criminally responsible by reason of mental disorder be expanded to encompass irresistible impulses?	是否应该扩大精神失常不负刑事责任的定义，以包括不可抗拒的冲动？	1
Should the discretion rest only with the minister?	是否应该只由部长来决定？	0
Should the EU seek to define better what an adequate retirement income may entail?	欧盟是否应该寻求更好地定义充足的退休收入可能带来的后果？	2
Should the faculty member move to another university does she have the right to take it with her?	该教职员工是否应该搬到另一所大学？她是否有权将其与她一起接受？	1
Should there be a three strikes and your uterus is out policy when it comes to abortion?	在堕胎问题上，是否应该进行三次罢工，而您的子宫是不在政策上的？	2
Should the use of these threads be a new experience for you, we have included some tips to help you in their use.	如果您对这些线程的使用有新的体验，我们提供了一些提示来帮助您使用这些线程。	1
Should we shut down NASA and just use all funds to fixing problems down here on earth?	我们应该关闭 NASA ，用所有的资金解决地球上的问题吗？	0
Should you were proud of it, then stick with the same formula.	如果你为它感到自豪，那么就坚持同样的方案。	1
Should you wish to try it you, go and visit my very own information as well as struck me upwards by means of e mail.	如果你想尝试一下，就去看看我自己的信息，并通过电子邮件把我向上击。	2
Shout at them in a stern manner so they know that this behavior is unacceptable and never cuddle or pet your puppy when they bark, as this encourages them to bark even more.	严厉地向他们喊叫，这样他们就知道这种行为是不可接受的，而且在他们吠叫时，永远不会拥抱或宠爱你的小狗，因为这会鼓励他们更多地吠叫。	2
Showcase your jewels on this decorative heart jewelry stand.	在这款装饰心脏首饰架上展示您的珠宝。	2
Showing someone how to do something the right way is true leadership.	向他人展示如何以正确的方式做事情是真正的领导力。	0
Showing the hormonal Kid lol that his father had every right to and should have probably given him atleast 1 month grounding plus a paddling on his seat.	向荷尔蒙孩子展示，他的父亲拥有一切权利，并且应该给他至少一个月的接地，加上在他的座位上划船。	2
Show it to your parents or your teacher.	向您的父母或老师展示。	0
Show me another entire government consisting but of thirty orders.	向我展示另一个由 30 个订单组成的政府。	1
Shown below is a conversion list for round cut diamonds, starting with the tiny one point size.	下面显示的是一个圆切削钻石的转换列表，从微小的一个点大小开始。	2
Shun simply had his mouth gaping open at his epic fail.	在他的史诗般的失败中，他的嘴巴就张开了。	2
Shuuhei left the Office and drove happily home in his Jeep eager to start his new life as a solider.	舒黑离开办公室，在他的吉普车里愉快地开车回家，渴望开始他的新生活。	0
Siberian cats and Siamese cats are thought to be two such hypoallergenic cat breeds.	西伯利亚猫和暹罗猫被认为是两种低过敏性猫品种。	1
Side Effects There is generally no deficiency of phosphorus because it is so readily available in the food supply.	副作用磷通常不存在缺陷，因为它在食品供应中非常容易获得。	2
Siesta was a bit taken aback by the comment.	西斯塔被评论所震惊。	1
Sighing the young scout turned to look at the others and felt his spark sink.	看到这位年轻的探险者转向看其他人，感受到了他的火花。	2
Significant contributions There is much that is worthwhile in the publication.	重要贡献该出版物有许多值得做的。	2
Signing off From the Edge of the Bed Just the Facts In getting the facts to you, the public, this reporter has not always consistently checked her sources.	这位记者从床边登出，只是事实告诉你，公众，这位记者并不总是不断地检查她的消息来源。	2
Signing Up for Wind Power On another occasion, I was influenced by a direct relationship with nature.	在另一个场合注册风力发电，我受到了与自然的直接关系的影响。	1
Sign in Help Nothing is more amazing to behold than human stupidity.	登录帮助没有比人类愚蠢更令人惊奇的了。	2
Sign up for a reading with Diane today!	立即注册阅读 Diane ！	2
Silence like a cancer grows, and a church veiled in shadows and secrecy desires nothing more.	像癌症一样的沉默会增加，一个笼罩在阴影和秘密之中的教堂也不想再有了。	2
Silicon Valley Friends of Ferals - Working to alleviate the suffering and overpopulation of feral and stray cats by implementing TTVAR programs in the Silicon Valley Area, and placing tame cats into adoptive homes.	硅谷的蕨类之友 - 通过在硅谷地区实施 TTVAR 计划，并将驯服的猫放入收养院，努力减轻蕨类和流浪猫的痛苦和过度人口。	2
Silver hair blew in the breeze as Mako green eyes scanned over her trembling body, a sinister smirk twisted on his lips.	白银头发在马科绿眼睛扫描她颤抖的身体时吹过风，嘴唇上有一个黑恶的小嘴。	2
Similar changes are needed in every province and territory across Canada.	加拿大各地的每个省和地区都需要进行类似的改革。	2
Similarly, a gas made up of a molecule with two atoms can be thought of as two balls on a spring.	同样，由两个原子的分子组成的气体可以被认为是弹簧上的两个球。	1
Similarly, small changes in the average productivity suggest that less is to be gained by increasing the course content.	同样，平均工作效率的微小变化表明，增加课程内容将会减少学习。	1
Similarly, water to Rayadurg would be taken through a pipeline from Kanekal tank with a cost of Rs.	同样，到 Rayadurg 的水将通过 Kanekal 坦克的管道取走，费用为卢比。	2
Similarly, your web hosting solution should also concentrate on bandwidth provided and how much it will cost you to replace it with higher plans.	同样，您的 Web 托管解决方案也应该专注于提供的带宽以及用更高的计划替换它的成本。	2
Simply choose a look you want to create and off you go As Charm links beads simply slide on and off the bracelet you can change your look as often as you like!	只需选择您想要创造的外观，就可以开始… 魅力连杆只需在手链上滑下，您就可以根据自己的需要随时更改您的外观！	1
Simply choose from either a sit down meal, a cocktail party or informal antipasto &amp; finger food platters and we willguide you through the remainder of the process.	您只需选择坐下来用餐，鸡尾酒派对或非正式开胃菜和指食拼盘，我们将引导您完成剩余的过程。	1
Simply click any Canal Fulton Photographer listing and provide your name and number when we ask for free consultation for your selected Photographer service.	只要点击任何 Canal Fulton 摄影师列表，并在我们要求免费咨询您所选的摄影师服务时提供您的姓名和号码即可。	0
Simply desired to provide this particular for your interest.	只是为了您的兴趣而提供这种特殊服务。	1
Simply look the person up and print it again.	只需向上查找人员并再次打印即可。	2
Simply put, this procedure removes limitations from the gadget and helps user to download theme, application and programs which are otherwise denied by the operating method.	简而言之，此过程可消除小程序的限制，并帮助用户下载主题，应用程序和程序，否则操作方法将拒绝这些程序。	1
Simply speaking, when your site is down and inaccessible then customers cannot make purchases and you cannot make money.	简单地说，当您的站点停机且无法访问时，客户无法进行购买，您也无法赚钱。	0
Simulation shall be accomplished without any false alarms to the Life Safety system.	模拟应在不向生命安全系统发出任何虚假警报的情况下完成。	0
Since 1988 the Government has slowly opened up the economy to permit expansion of the private sector and to attract foreign investment.	自 1988 年以来，政府缓慢地开放了经济，以便扩大私营部门并吸引外国投资。	0
Since 1999, she has been an active High Priestess with covens in both of these traditions.	自 1999 年以来，她一直是一位积极的高级女牧师，在这两种传统中都有着文库。	1
Since age 11, I had worn glasses and contact lenses as I couldnt see much at all 6 inches past my nose.	从 11 岁开始，我就戴了眼镜和隐形眼镜，因为我的鼻子上 6 英寸的地方看不到什么。	2
Since courts are inclined to enforce contracts, they will consider evidence of custom and usage in the industry as well as similar transactions regarding placement fees to interpret the intent of the parties.	由于法院倾向于强制执行合同，因此他们将考虑行业惯例和惯例的证据以及关于安置费的类似交易，以解释当事方的意图。	1
Since double contacts are legal on the first team hit, the contact must be a prolonged contact for it to be illegal no matter how ugly the play on the ball.	由于在第一次击球时，双击是合法的，因此，无论球上的表现多么丑陋，这种接触都必须是长期的接触，因此是非法的。	2
Since graphic adapter often is optimised for performance instead of security, it is hard to solve this vulnerability.	由于图形适配器通常针对性能而不是安全性进行了优化，因此很难解决此漏洞。	0
Since I missed all of the previous issues, I for one am ready to support a resurrected Megamorphics!	由于我错过了所有之前的问题，我准备好支持一个重新出现的巨型变形本！	1
Since inception Toni has maintained the position of office manger and has taken on additional roles to further her career in real estate.	自成立以来， Toni 一直担任办公室经理，并承担了更多的角色，以推进她在房地产领域的职业生涯。	0
Since it can be purchased in sets and never in simple pieces they are also very attractive and may also highly make an impression on recipient.	因为它可以成套购买，而不是简单的部件，所以它们也很有吸引力，也可能给植入者留下很深的印象。	1
Since it is a cocktail of drugs, we cannot conclusively say which particular drug he has taken and, therefore, he has tested negative for any single drug,?	由于这是一种毒品的鸡尾酒，我们不能得出结论说他服用了哪种特定药物，因此他对任何一种药物都测试为阴性？	1
Since it is a play, and there is no narration, all the insightful things are said out loud by the characters.	因为这是一场戏剧，没有解说，所以所有的有洞察力的东西都被人物大声地说出来。	1
Since it is in fact a game and whomever devotes this much attention is wasteing time.	因为这实际上是一场游戏，而任何人如此关注，都浪费了时间。	2
Since I would be happy to blog about any author on my list, I had planned to select one randomly as my topic.	由于我很乐意博客我名单上的任何作者，我计划随机选择一个作为我的主题。	2
Since knowing Felix I have found him to be an honest and reliable person who is self motivated with sound and positive ideals.	自从认识费利克斯以来，我发现他是一个诚实可靠的人，他以良好和积极的理想自我激励。	1
Since most of the Jews in Gaza had gone up to Jerusalem for the feast, Joseph bought supplies in the market and Mary made a small dinner for three in their rented room.	由于加沙的大多数犹太人都去耶路撒冷参加盛宴， Joseph 在市场上购买了用品， Mary 在租房里为三个人做了一顿小晚餐。	0
Sincerely, Shandi Bantog Power dressing is one of the most valuable skills you should develop if you want to make a good impression in the workplace.	真诚地说， Shandi Bantog Power Shressing 是您在工作场所留下良好印象时应该培养的最有价值的技能之一。	0
Since several sources from Hamburg make it quite clear that Atta was a fanatical person, authors even claim that Atta had a double.	由于来自汉堡的几个消息来源相当清楚地表明，阿塔是一个狂热的人，提交人甚至声称阿塔有双重身份。	0
Since she was returning from maternity leave this seemed like a good idea.	由于她正在休产假后返回，这似乎是一个好主意。	2
Since Spike had been turned it was even harder to keep a low profile.	自从斯皮克被扭转以来，保持低调的形象就更加困难了。	2
Since the counterculture movement of the 1960s, we have all been growingly cognizant of the ubiquitous matrix of lies.	自 20 世纪 60 年代的反文化运动以来，我们都日益认识到无处不在的谎言。	1
Since the countermark has no relation with any LSP, which can be applied continuously by the other module so that LSP collision at operation with multiple MPLS protocol modules can be avoided.	由于该副标记与任何 LSP 没有关系，因此可由另一个模块持续应用，从而避免与多个 MPLS 协议模块操作时的 LSP 冲突。	1
Since the focus of this initiative is on helping families and neighborhoods, investment properties do not qualify.	由于这一举措的重点是帮助家庭和社区，因此投资财产不符合条件。	0
Since the music is so catchy, the pure instrumental section is great, spotlighting the aggression of the instrumentation.	由于音乐如此动人，纯粹的乐器部分非常棒，突出了乐器的侵略。	1
Since the new seal was fitted in August I am being very careful getting in and out and so far the seal looks okay.	自从 8 月安装了新密封件后，我非常小心地进出，到目前为止，密封件看起来还可以。	1
Since then I had been bugging him for an electric.	从那时起，我就一直在用电击他。	2
Since the olanzapine arm was an active control group to confirm assay sensitivity, it was not included in the statistical models for efficacy analyses.	由于奥兰萨平臂是一个用于确认测定灵敏度的主动控制组，因此它未被纳入有效性分析的统计模型中。	1
Since there is no need for inventory, I key is used to issue battlefield commands to your Spartans to form formation or to your Greeks to fall back or charge.	由于不需要库存，我的钥匙被用来向你的斯巴达尔人发出战场指令，让他们形成组织，或者让希腊人倒台或发雷电。	2
Since the Tamil terrorists started the Sinhalese and the Muslims were ethnically cleansed and the terrorists looted their property.	Since the Tamil terrorists started the Sinhalese and the Muslims were ethnically cleansed and the terrorists looted their property.	2
Since the village of Mijas was first discovered in the sixties, close to sixty nationalities have made the pueblo their home.	自 60 年代初发现米哈斯村以来，近 60 个民族将这座村庄作为家园。	0
Since they are not acquainted with GIS terminology, they are looking closely at the wording.	由于他们不熟悉地理信息系统的术语，因此他们正在仔细研究措辞。	0
Since they will be called on the internet borrowing products, a brand new user could assume it is especially hard payday loan take advantage these people with no starting extensive approach.	由于他们将被要求使用互联网借贷产品，一个全新的用户可以认为这是特别困难的发薪日贷款，利用这些人而不是采取广泛的办法。	2
Since we have established a strategy that we know is capable of producing high winning probability if we stick to the plan, why on earth should we enter any trade that is not according to the plan.	由于我们制定了一项战略，我们知道如果我们坚持这一计划，我们就能够产生高赢概率，因此，我们为什么要在地球上进行任何不符合计划的贸易。	2
Since we know we are going to do this we can code for this check now.	因为我们知道我们将要这样做，所以我们现在可以为这一支票编码。	0
Since when does a baby not feed or cry or pass a motion.	因为婴儿何时不能喂食，哭泣或通过运动。	2
Since you can see so many sides of the same issue, you are both wise beyond your years and tied to worthless perspectives.	因为你可以看到同一问题的许多方面，你在多年之后都是明智的，并且与毫无价值的观点联系在一起。	1
Since you will be having a planned party, then planning out the possible games is also necessary.	由于您将有一个计划中的派对，因此也有必要规划可能的游戏。	1
Singapore is the only Asian country to host the championship.	新加坡是唯一一个主办此次锦标赛的亚洲国家。	0
Singapore offers luxury hotels and cheap hotels in Singapore People who have interest in food and cuisine, Singapore offers fancy range of food items ranging from sea food to continental to Thai.	新加坡提供豪华酒店和便宜酒店，新加坡有对美食和美食感兴趣的人，提供各种美食，从海鲜到大陆菜再到泰国菜。	1
Single Line Kites Leave a Reply You must be logged in to post a comment.	单线风筝留言留言您必须登录才能发表评论。	1
Sioux Falls Health Insurance It can definetly be very, very hard to grab awesome rates on health insurance in Sioux Falls.	苏福尔斯健康保险苏福尔斯健康保险要想获得惊人的保险价格肯定是非常困难的。	2
Sister Johanna loved children and was extremely dedicated to their education.	约翰娜修女爱孩子，并极其致力于他们的教育。	1
Site teengamesmore is down for everyone It is not just you.	站点 teengamesmore 对每个人都是关闭的，而不仅仅是你。	1
Six goals for the Rangers is an amazing achievement.	流浪者队的六大目标是一项了不起的成就。	0
Six of the best places to eat out in Extremadura 4.	埃斯特雷马杜拉六个最好的吃饭的地方	2
Six people were killed and another three are still missing.	6 人被打死，另外 3 人仍下落不明。	1
Sixty of them had agreed to take the tests and answer a set of questionnaire available online.	其中 60 人同意参加测试，并回答了一套在线调查表。	1
Six years later I found my high school sweetheart.	六年后，我发现了我的高中的心事。	2
Sizes of intercalated diapires are from hundreds to thousands meters in length and from tens to hundreds meters in width.	间距的直径从数百米到数千米不等，从数十米到数百米不等。	2
Skada is a great example of an addon that works well with modules, as you can turn off the specific types of data that are displayed and parsed for you.	Skada 是一个与模块配合良好的插件示例，因为您可以关闭为您显示和分析的特定类型的数据。	0
Skiing was great and the resort has everything you need.	滑雪很棒，度假村有你需要的一切。	1
Skilled to go has created a Facebook and Twitter page.	熟练掌握技术的人创建了 Facebook 和 Twitter 页面。	0
Skills and fundamentals that have made the Grizzlies successful over the years will be demonstrated and taught according to age group and experience.	将根据年龄组和经验展示和教授多年来使灰熊取得成功的技能和基础知识。	2
Skill wise I have seen a lot more impressive breakdancing in videos and from researching the passing interest in the dance form online, but still it was great to see it for real in the flesh.	技巧智者我在视频中看到了更多令人印象深刻的早餐，也在网上研究了舞蹈形式的传道兴趣，但仍然很高兴看到它在肉体中真实存在。	2
Skin care is generally associated to beauty and good looks.	皮肤护理通常与美容和良好的外观有关。	1
Skip, one problem with Scott Norwood and your memory: the Bills were already losing when Norwood squared away for his 43-yard field goal.	跳过，斯科特 · 诺伍德的一个问题和你的记忆：当诺伍德为了 43 码的射野目标而蹲下时，账单已经在输。	2
Skip this step and continue to submit your request.	跳过此步骤并继续提交您的请求。	0
Sleep and timer functions automatically switch the PMD800 on and off and allow it to operate as an alarm for waking up to a favorite radio station.	睡眠和计时器功能可自动打开和关闭 PMD800 ，并使其作为闹钟工作，以便唤醒至喜爱的电台。	1
Sleep apnea Obesity is the most significant risk factor for sleep apnea.	睡眠呼吸暂停肥胖是睡眠呼吸暂停最重要的风险因素。	2
Sliding up and down the mountainside Hercules rides the Boar bareback for a week until he at last tames the monster.	沿着山边的赫尔库内斯（ Hercules ）滑下，骑着柏尔（ Boar ）赤身骑上一周，直到他最后一个时候还在驯服怪兽。	1
Slightly fitted and lightweight for comfort and breathability.	轻度贴合，轻盈舒适，透气。	0
Slot machine games are among the more popular sights in on line casinos, with many bettors moving from one gambling establishment to a higher only to learn the slot machine games.	老虎机游戏是网上赌场最受欢迎的景点之一，许多出卖人从一个赌博场所搬到更高一个地方只是为了学习老虎机游戏。	2
Slowing my pace as I walked up towards the train stations entrance, I pondered over how I would get us train tickets without having any money on me.	当我走到火车站入口时，我放慢了我的速度，我想知道我如何在没有钱的情况下给我们买火车票。	1
Slowly she placed one foot infront of the other but did not dare to walk fast for fear of tripping.	她慢慢地把一只脚放在另一只脚前面，但由于害怕绊倒，她不敢走得太快。	0
Slowly, the people who most ardently defend gun rights have come to do it not out of a love of hunting, but out of a paranoia over the need to fend off government.	缓慢地说，最热心地捍卫枪支权利的人不是因为对狩猎的热爱，而是因为对政府的需要有一种偏执。	2
Slurping two packages worth of soya sauce and spraying the black liquid across the bed sheets.	将两包价值大豆酱蘸湿，并将黑色液体喷洒在床单上。	2
Small groups and Bible studies assemble throughout the week, including a recovery group for people struggling with addictions that meets an hour before the service.	小组和圣经研究小组在一周内聚集在一起，包括一个康复小组，为那些在戒毒前一小时遇到毒瘾的人提供帮助。	1
Small rectangular galvanised iron water tanks for $300 which can fit into the wasted space between the side of the house and the fence.	300 美元的小型矩形镀锌铁水箱，可以放入房屋和围栏之间的浪费空间。	1
Small sized scissor with curved blades for accurate nail trimming.	小号剪刀，带弯曲刀片，可精确修剪指甲。	0
Smoke alarms and escape plans are key to surviving fires in the home.	烟雾报警器和逃生计划是家庭火灾的关键。	1
Smouldering combustion can be used for remediation of contaminated soils [15] and associated laboratory experiments (see Fig 11) show that the smoulder front can be controlled to consume most of the liquid contaminant and clean the porous matrix soil.	喷浆燃烧可用于对受污染土壤进行补救 [15] ，相关实验室实验（见图 11 ）显示，可以控制喷浆前端以消耗大部分液体污染物并清洁多孔基质土壤。	0
Snacks and refreshments will be available from our licensed bar.	我们的持证酒吧提供小吃和点心。	0
Snape needs to learn how to deal with a relationship.	Snape 需要学习如何处理关系。	0
Snape passed the rest of the distance to the town in icy, emotionless silence that seemed to amuse the Headmaster as much as any other response Snape could have envisioned would have done.	斯纳佩在冰冷的无表情的沉默中将其余的距离传递到了镇上，似乎像斯纳佩所能想象的任何其他回应一样，令船长感到非常的开心。	2
Snapper never seemed to be in much of a hurry.	鲷鱼似乎从来没有太匆忙。	1
Snow broke his gaze away from the painting and focused his icy snake like gaze on her.	雪打破了他对绘画的目光，使他的冰蛇像凝视她一样集中在她的视线上。	2
Snowman is tossing word salad -- I hope you do not believe scientific consensus and social norms have the same ontology?	雪人在撒上沙拉 -- 我希望你不相信科学共识和社会规范有相同的本体吗？	2
So after about a half an hour I finally gave in and went to see what he wanted.	大约半个小时后，我终于进去看看他想要什么。	2
So after being tortured feel so hurts ah, but also feel quite loose feeling!	所以在遭受酷刑之后，你会觉得如此痛苦，但也会感到相当松散！	1
Soak up the sun in a hammock by the pool before enjoying a refreshing swim.	在泳池边的吊床上沐浴阳光，然后享受清凉的游泳。	0
So an early start to preparing for the Entrance Exam is definitely going to help a Plus Two student for the Entrance Exams.	因此，尽早开始准备入学考试肯定会帮助一名 Plus 2 学生参加入学考试。	1
So anyone who fights against one of our enemies automatically becomes our friend?	因此，任何人与我们的敌人作战，都会自动成为我们的朋友？	0
So, as a result from my panic attack, I brought my foot back and kicked him right where it counted.	因此，由于我的恐慌袭击，我把我的脚向后踢了，把他踢到了正确的位置。	2
So as I got closer to home and saw every day that door, I started going in until it became a habit.	所以当我离家近，每天都看到那扇门时，我就开始进去了，直到它成为一种习惯。	2
So, as i said this needs can be satisfied in many different way trough goods or services. many of the people that use escorts have a variety of skills and access to different products and services.	因此，正如我所说，这种需求可以通过商品或服务以多种不同的方式得到满足。许多使用护送的人都有不同的技能，并且可以获得不同的产品和服务。	2
So as the broad readership doubtless knows, I kind of killed this city last summer, spending weeks here and seeing it in pretty much every detail.	因此，正如广大读者无疑所知，我去年夏天在这座城市被杀了，在这里呆了几个星期，几乎每一个细节都被看到了。	2
So Bakura just followed his nose, fell into a lake a couple of times and arrived at the turtle game shop.	于是，巴库拉就跟着他的鼻子走了，几次掉进了湖里，来到了海龟游戏商店。	1
So before you go spouting off about what you think is right, put yourself in their shoes, and respect the fact that other people believe differently than you do.	所以在你开始谈论你认为对的事情之前，请把自己放在他们的立场上，并尊重其他人的信仰与你的信仰不同这一事实。	1
So buy the Evening Post on Friday for your free copy of Food Monthly, put your feet up in the garden and wallow in our taste of summer.	因此，在星期五购买《晚间邮报》，免费赠送《食品月刊》，将双脚放在花园里，让我们在夏天的时候品尝到美味。	2
So changes can be made and things can be added.	因此可以进行更改并添加内容。	0
Social consequences of growth take time to show up, so that the informational content of annual time series is not proportional to the length of these series.	增长的社会后果需要时间显现出来，因此年度时间序列的信息内容与这些序列的长度不成比例。	1
Social media such as this one, plus wikis combined with tagging and semantic web tools, will provide the technical conditions for amplifying our collective capacity to solve problems.	像这种社交媒体，加上与标记和语义网络工具相结合的维基，将为扩大我们解决问题的集体能力提供技术条件。	0
Socket pt std in drive craftsman durability for heavy duty buy it new buy pt available for layaway the.	插座端口标准驱动器工匠耐用性适用于重负荷购买新的购买端口可用于离线。	2
Sock saved the only break point he faced to make his lead stand up.	袜子挽救了他面对的唯一突破点，让他的铅站起来。	2
So, Colby drove Sarah into town and waited in the parking lot while his wife was being attended to by the doctor.	于是，科尔 by 开车把莎拉赶到城里，在停车场等候，而他的妻子正在看医生。	2
So, combining women who have stopped taking the drugs with those women who remained on Prempro will cause the study to underestimate the true risk.	因此，将停止服药的妇女与那些留在 Prempro 的妇女结合起来，将导致研究低估真正的风险。	0
So common it is for God and man to differ in their judgments.	上帝和人类的判断是如此的普遍。	1
So congrats on having me so anxious, this is a pretty nasty chapter in that way but still good for action and drama.	所以我很担心，这是一个相当糟糕的篇章，但仍然适合行动和戏剧。	1
So could you please tell me why is Goddess Pele the ONLY Goddess on this entire planet that is called Madame ??	那么你能告诉我为什么佩勒女神是这个星球上唯一的女神，叫做夫人？	1
So does the General Secretariat for amongst others printing and mailing of this Newsletter.	总秘书处也是如此，除其他外，印刷和邮寄这份通讯也是如此。	2
So do you guys prefer wired or wireless?	那么，您喜欢有线还是无线？	0
SOFT Gallery is pleased to present the performance artist Ane Lan.	Soft Gallery 很高兴向表演艺术家 Ane LAN 展示这一作品。	0
Software functions will include the ability to search for possible risks based on combinations of user inputs (such as specific sources or other RDD components), or to identify critical gaps in our defence against radiological terrorism.	软件功能将包括根据用户输入（如特定来源或其他 RDD 组件）的组合搜索可能的风险，或识别我们在防御放射恐怖主义方面的重大漏洞。	1
Soft yellow bracts and creamy white flowers form a pendulous infloresence that opens over many weeks.	柔和的黄花和奶油白色的花形成了一种持续的变化，它将在数周内开放。	1
So glad Kate has her dad to help hold her up this time.	很高兴凯特这次能让她的爸爸帮她拉紧。	2
So glad to have you at the meetup.	很高兴有您参加会议。	1
So good to have also your brain attending our upcoming Brain Workout meeting!	让您的大脑也参加我们即将举行的大脑锻炼会议真是太好了！	0
So great work and if you need an idea for chapter titles, may I suggest All Time Low?	那么伟大的工作，如果你需要一个章节标题的想法，我是否可以建议“一直都很低”？	1
So he could have talked with Clark for a few minutes.	所以他可以和克拉克谈几分钟。	0
So he could repeat that sentence as many times as he wanted to, I was not giving in.	所以他可以重复这句话多少次，我不是在给他。	2
So he had carefully avoided the issue until the very last moment, then cracked out a pretty good line.	因此，直到最后一刻，他才仔细地避免了这一问题，然后开了一条很好的路线。	2
So he thought he had all the money he needed to pay their medical bills.	所以他以为他有了他支付医疗费用所需要的所有钱。	1
So, how did an ethnic conflict and an assasination that appeared to be contained in Serbia end up spreading and swallowing the whole world to such an extent that it caused 40 million casulaites?	那么，一场种族冲突和一场似乎在塞尔维亚受到遏制的冲突如何最终在全世界蔓延和吞食，造成了 4000 万个库拉人？	2
So how do you deal with an unfaithful partner?	那么，你如何对待一个不忠诚的伙伴呢？	0
So I am just letting go and trying to be a friend as much as I can because honestly I am getting mad at her sometimes.	所以我只是想尽可能地成为一个朋友，因为老实说，我有时会对她感到疯狂。	1
So I'd like to ask the Minister of Education: can the minister explain how Alberta ranking last in each of these areas are examples of quality education and reinvestment in youth?	因此，我想问教育部长：部长能否解释艾伯塔在这些领域中排名最后的例子是优质教育和青年再投资的例子？	2
So if I have given the impression that there is nothing that one can see in it, then I concede to you on that point.	所以，如果我给人的印象是没有人能看到的东西，那么我就在这一点上向你让步。	1
So if the diabetes is not controlled properly the doctor would help you to adjust to the plan of treatment to improve your skin as well as your health.	所以如果糖尿病控制得不好，医生会帮助你适应治疗计划，以改善你的皮肤和健康。	0
So if you are confused over whether you want to buy or rent property in Dubai, it all boils down to how long you want to stay here.	所以如果你对你想在迪拜买房还是租房感到困惑的话，那么你想在这里住多久都是个大问题。	1
So if you could please get all you can out of him and then end his miserable life.	所以如果你能得到他所能得到的一切，然后结束他的悲惨生活。	1
So I guess kudos to the author for that: at least the uniqueness of the setting &amp; atmosphere keeps me intrigued.	所以我想对作者表示赞赏：至少环境和氛围的独特性让我感到好奇。	0
So I had my conference and I came totally ready to pack up and come back.	所以我有了会议，我完全准备好了打包回来。	2
So I have mentioned the names of those two people but there are many other people.	所以我提到了这两个人的名字，但还有很多其他人。	0
So I knew this would be one of our big items we needed for the baby.	所以我知道这将是我们婴儿所需要的一个大项目。	2
Soil ingestion for older children and adults was not considered.	没有考虑为年龄较大的儿童和成人摄取土壤。	1
So I love my Indian Hair and I love extensions plus !	所以我喜欢我的印度头发，我喜欢加长版！	2
So im hoping to go somewhere with that.	所以我希望去其他地方。	0
So, in order to prevent such an outcome, as a minimal goal they had to drive off the Union army so as to restore their own freedom of movement.	因此，为了防止这种结果，作为一个最起码的目标，他们必须将联盟军队赶走，以恢复他们自己的行动自由。	1
So, I now have more pain from the fall and could not even be seen within a reasonable amount of time concerning my injuries.	因此，我现在因跌倒而有更多的疼痛，甚至在合理的时间内无法看到我的受伤。	2
So I retreated myself in my prayers and my sacred writings and did a wash out of all those feelings!	所以我在祈祷和神圣的著作中退缩了自己，并且洗了所有这些感情！	2
So I sat in the kitchen, thinking back to when I first thought he hurt my little girl.	所以我坐在厨房里，回想着我第一次以为他伤害了我的小女孩的时候。	1
So I sat on the sand and hugged my knees to my chest.	所以我坐在沙滩上，把膝盖抬到我的胸部。	1
So I started lurking behind the salad bar, waiting for the wife to turn her back.	于是我开始在沙拉吧后面放懒懒懒地等待妻子把她转回来。	2
So I thought about how my ancestors might feel knowing that I own a slave made product.	所以我想到了我的祖先会如何感受到我拥有一种奴隶制造的产品。	1
So I thought it was a little rushed.	所以我觉得有点匆忙。	0
So I thought it was time that I finally took a shot at writing a fairly serious Palletshipping fic, considering the fact that I've been into this pairing for so long.	所以我认为我应该在写一个相当严肃的 Palletshipping 时拍一张照片，考虑到我已经参与了这一配对很长时间的事实。	2
So, it looks like we either pay now to update and upgrade the system, or we pay later when entire sections of the state are cut off from water.	因此，我们似乎要么现在付费更新和升级系统，要么在国家的所有部分都被切断时，我们稍后付费。	1
So, it may be appropriate for those willing to invest to do a grassroots approach and only engage the government when things are ready to roll.	因此，那些愿意投资的人可能应该采取一种基层的做法，只有在事情准备好时才让政府参与。	1
So it moved about five to seven miles toward us in a straight line followig the NJTP going north.	所以它沿着 NJTP 向北行进的直线向我们移动了五到七英里。	2
So it would be pretty impressive if the scrape marks on the left of 21 are from that incident!	因此，如果 21 号角左侧的刮擦标记来自该事件，那将会令人印象深刻！	0
So I warped further to Vaankalen where I found two or three Gurista raiders in almost every asteroid belt.	于是我向瓦卡伦进一步翘起去，在那里我发现几乎每一个小行星带都有两到三个古里斯塔蜘蛛。	1
So I went back to using an Exec task for my transformation tool.	因此，我回到了使用 Exec 任务作为转换工具的问题。	2
So I wondered what it is about them that makes me like them, when written well.	所以我想知道当写得很好的时候，他们是什么让我喜欢他们的。	1
So, I would be fine with any of them as our end of the rotation guy.	因此，我认为他们中的任何一个都是我们的轮换之人。	0
Sokka jerked his head around to look into her pale green eyes.	Sokka 用一把头朝周围动，望着她那苍白的绿色眼睛。	2
Solar radiation measurement is used for Solar water heating systems, for agriculture and other applications.	太阳能辐射测量用于太阳能热水系统，农业和其他应用。	1
So, Larry, I think you are very right that we need to learn how to play even more sensitively with our children, more consciously, more conscious of their enlivening presence.	所以，拉里，我认为你是非常正确的，我们需要学会如何更敏感地和我们的孩子玩耍，更有意识地，更清楚地意识到他们的存在。	1
Solecistic extension When controlling variables unrelated to standard or immediate reinforcement take over control of the tact, it is said to be solecistically extended.	Solecistic extension 当控制与标准或即时增强无关的变量接管 Tact 的控制权时，据说它是以整体方式扩展的。	1
So lets start up by opening flex and then opening up the flex that you first created when you created version 1 of the of form.	因此，让我们先打开 flex ，然后打开在创建 Form 版本 1 时首次创建的 flex 。	0
Solve the problem using this random variable, making clear how you are using it in the solution.	使用这一随机变量解决问题，明确说明如何在解决方案中使用它。	0
Solving the murder is easy for Ethan compared to the complicated enigma that he finds in Zoe.	与伊桑在佐伊发现的复杂的谜相比，他很容易解决这起谋杀案。	2
Soma Akio was running up to us panting, his blond hair a mess as always with his uniform perfect.	索马 · 阿基奥正向我们吹着风，他的金发和他的制服一样，一团糟。	2
So many factors go into Davis Cup that it is almost impossible to predict.	在戴维斯杯赛中，有很多因素几乎无法预测。	0
So many great trails waiting for you out there!	有很多很棒的小径等着你！	1
So many have preached this from their pulpits but still continue with their programs.	许多人从他们的火坑中宣扬这一点，但仍在继续他们的方案。	2
So many people cared about me yet I kept telling myself that nobody would notice that I was gone.	很多人关心我，但我一直告诉自己，没有人会注意到我已经离开了。	1
Some acceleration in growth is also anticipated for Africa and Latin America.	预计非洲和拉丁美洲的增长也会有所加快。	0
Some argue that it is important to keep these high paying jobs because they spend lots of money into the economy and pay lots of taxes.	有人认为，保持这些高薪工作是重要的，因为他们在经济中投入了大量资金，并缴纳了大量税款。	1
Some believe in playing instruments some do not.	有些人相信玩乐器，有些人不相信。	2
Some benefits depend on whether you are working or have savings.	某些好处取决于您是在工作还是有储蓄。	1
Some Caravan Days will culminate with a bazaar where you can buy, sell, and trade Wisdom Cards from other groups.	一些“卡万人日”将以集市为高潮，您可以在集市上购买，出售和交易其他团体的智慧卡。	1
Some cell phone carriers block messages that originate from short codes unless you specifically request otherwise.	某些手机运营商会阻止来自短代码的消息，除非您特别要求。	1
Some City Boys have the finance to purchase three Bravos.	一些城市男孩有购买三个 Bravos 的资金。	2
Some connective tissues such as skin and ligament contain elastin and others may contain lipids and fats.	有些结缔组织，如皮肤和韧带含有弹性体，其他则可能含有脂质和脂肪。	1
Some contain a pot belly stove or a private patio.	有些房间有一个锅式的炉子或一个私人露台。	1
Some converters have separate copper and fiber loopback functions that can be enabled separately, while others will loopback both copper and fiber at the same time when enabled.	某些转换器具有单独启用的铜和光纤环回功能，而其他转换器在启用时将同时环回铜和光纤。	1
Some courses have students from the above groups but are also service courses while, depending on the university and country, some courses may be specifically oriented to one population.	有些课程有上述群体的学生，但也有服务课程，而根据大学和国家的不同，有些课程可能专门针对一个群体。	0
Someday reviews This is the story about what happened after the quidditch match against Ravenclaw.	有一天，这是关于在与拉文茨夫的四场比赛后发生的事情的故事。	2
Some days she was like an overprotective older sister, other days she was just a bitch.	有时候，她就像一个保护过度的姐姐，有时候她只是一个咬人。	2
Some debt consolidation companies charge high fees that would leave you worse off than when you started.	一些债务合并公司收取高额费用，这会让您比您开始时更糟糕。	1
Some decks may require county building code approval.	有些甲板可能需要国家建筑代码批准。	1
Some employers in Knoxboro will cover a percentage of your CNA tuition; others will pay tuition costs up to a specific dollar amount.	诺克斯伯罗的一些雇主将支付您的中汽学费的一定比例；其他雇主将支付高达特定美元的学费。	0
Some feel that the push factor combined with the fact that emails are well known and therefore safe medium enhances communication compared to for instance a forum.	有些人认为，推力因素与电子邮件众所周知的事实相结合，因此安全媒介与论坛等相比可以增强沟通。	0
Some finance companies are willing to make mortgages ...	一些金融公司愿意抵押 .	0
Some five minutes elapsed during which Desmond could detect no definite sound from the red lacquer room except the occasional low murmur of voices.	大约 5 分钟后， Desmond 除了偶尔听到的低杂音外，没有从红色漆房检测到任何明确的声音。	1
Some folks claim that just a good soap and water hand washing of the equipment is all that is needed.	有人说，只有好的肥皂和水洗手设备才是需要的。	2
Some food for thought As a church, we would all agree that we are committed to developing fully devoted followers of Christ.	作为一个教会，我们都同意我们致力于发展完全献身的基督信徒。	1
Some foods, such as milk and certain cereals, have been fortified with vitamin D and will also help you meet your daily requirements of the sunshine vitamin.	一些食品，如牛奶和某些谷物，已经用维生素 D 强化，也将帮助您满足您对阳光维生素的日常需求。	1
Some friends forced me to walk for what seemed like miles to get here... but it was WELL worth the trip.	一些朋友强迫我走了几英里就能到这里……但这次旅行很值得。	1
Some high profile clubs draw athletes from other states.	一些知名俱乐部吸引了来自其他国家的运动员。	0
Somehow he knew this hell was almost over and he knew that his parents would no longer control him.	不知怎么地，他知道这一地狱几乎已经过去了，他知道他的父母将不再控制他。	1
Somehow I messed up the settings while doing something and wireless functionality was gone.	我在做某件事的时候搞错了设置，无线功能也消失了。	0
Somehow I never seem to tire when interacting with deer.	在与鹿打交道时，我似乎从未感到厌倦。	1
Somehow our new friend had managed to gain power over magnetic forces albeit temporarily it would seem.	不知怎么说，我们的新朋友成功地获得了磁力的权力，尽管这似乎只是暂时的。	2
Some improvisation and the classic moment that Miles Davis is Thelonious Monk playing back in a fabelous solo.	Miles Davis 是一个非常棒的独奏者，他是一个即兴表演和经典的时刻。	2
Some induce retaliate been approved on FDA for the treatment of mane failure conditions while others draw on understandable remedies as the underpinning on commercially present products.	一些国家在林业发展局批准采取报复措施，以处理 mane 故障条件，而另一些国家则利用可理解的补救办法作为商业产品的基础。	0
Some in the Palestinian left need to learn about broad united fronts.	巴勒斯坦左翼的一些人需要了解广泛的统一战线。	1
Some issues had two or three articles on this topic.	有些问题有两，三篇关于这一主题的文章。	2
Some issues have emerged from this study that appear to have significant policy implications.	这项研究中出现了一些似乎具有重大政策影响的问题。	0
Some items missing from the kitchen but it was good to have the fridge and option to cook if we wanted.	厨房里有些东西不见了，但有冰箱还是不错的，如果我们愿意的话可以选择做饭。	1
Some kidney of carousel spice rack can be qualified to proffer up to 24 kinds of spices and with the precise prescription.	一些旋转式香料架的肾脏可以提供多达 24 种香料并有精确处方。	2
Some may even panic and find their way out of a yard to escape.	有些人甚至可能会惊慌，找到他们走出院子逃跑的路。	2
Some may not like that it is this particular story of this particular person that has made Hollywood take notice and possibly greenlight more African films, but it is a start.	有些人可能不喜欢正是这位特殊人物的这一特殊故事让好莱坞引起注意，并可能使更多的非洲电影被绿色化，但这是一个开端。	2
Some meanings of words escaped him, but he still forged on alternatively fascinated by the complexity of it all and bored by short biographies of some such person.	他没有得到一些词语的含义，但他还是在另一种情况下被这一切的复杂性所吸引，并对一些人的短传记感到厌烦。	2
Some men also wore tight vests of pinstripe chocolate.	有些人还穿着紧身的巧克力背心。	1
Some more details are showing up that are conflicting with original reports, which in themselves were conflicting as well.	还有一些与原始报告相冲突的详细情况正在出现，而这些报告本身也是相互冲突的。	0
Some new uses include getting wet nail polish to dry in a flash or helping grandmama deal with her hot flushes.	一些新的用途包括让湿指甲油在瞬间干燥或帮助奶奶处理她的热火。	2
Some of our remote sites are feeding off of very small pipes back to the ARS host.	我们的一些远程站点正在从非常小的管道中将其反馈给 ARS 主机。	1
Some of our veteran officers had a keen interest in the graduation.	我们的一些资深军官对毕业非常感兴趣。	0
Some of the best beaches around Wellington are situated along the Eastbourne coastline area of Wellington, which is full of secluded sandy beaches, speciality shops and street cafes.	惠灵顿周围一些最好的海滩坐落在惠灵顿的伊斯特本海岸线地区，那里到处都是隐蔽的沙滩，特色商店和街边咖啡馆。	1
Some of the best hotels offering cheap accommodation London are located in the heart of the city, especially around Hyde Park.	伦敦一些提供廉价住宿的最佳酒店位于市中心，特别是海德公园附近。	1
Some of the funds should come from the extra three quarters of a percent we receive from the state meals tax and the $500 vacant property ordinance now on the books.	其中一些资金应该来自我们从国家膳食税和目前已被记录的 500 美元空置房产条例中得到的四分之三的额外资金。	0
Some of the great organizations lending a helping hand to the people of Northwest Arkansas are Big Brothers Big Sisters, the Northwest Arkansas Children s Shelter, and Circle of Life Hospice.	一些向阿肯色州西北部人民伸出援助之手的伟大组织包括大兄弟姊妹会，阿肯色州西北部儿童收容所和生命之环医院。	1
Some of them likewise have in Winter Blue or Red Stuff fastned about their Legs instead of Stockins.	他们中的一些人也有冬天蓝或红的东西，而不是斯托克林。	2
Some of the negative feedback is directly related to me.	一些负面反馈与我直接相关。	0
Some of the perks also involve parenting education.	其中一些福利还涉及养育子女教育。	1
Some of these you might have never seen befor...	一些你可能从未见过的 ...	2
Some of the things on there include if we should change our group name, where we should have play dates, and posts to help us all get to know each other better.	其中的一些事情包括我们是否应该更改我们的组名，我们应该在那里设置播放日期，以及帮助我们更好地了解彼此的帖子。	2
Some of us are not able to cope well even in relatively easy contexts.	我们中的一些人即使在相对容易的情况下也无法很好地应付。	1
Some of you may remember posting alot last summer about being broke all the time.	有些人可能还记得去年夏天发布了很多关于永远被打破的消息。	2
Someone had stuck a big square of yellow paper that typically had a warning label written on it by Rodney himself.	有人粘住了一大片黄纸，通常都有 Rodney 自己写的警告标签。	1
Someone has said that the average man would rather lie down and die than to take the trouble really to think.	有人说，普通人宁愿躺下来死去，而不是真正地思考问题。	0
Someone living many states away may have donated the records to a repository elsewhere.	居住在许多国家之外的人可能将记录捐赠给其他地方的存储库。	0
Someone needs to invent a toddler dictonary because I feel like a broken record (as i bet you do at times) asking my 2 year old cousin to repeat what she said to me.	有人需要发明一个幼童二托儿所，因为我觉得记录是坏的（我敢打赌你有时会这样做），要求我 2 岁的表妹重复她对我说的话。	2
Someone says he knows who he is but deep down is so lost.	有人说他知道自己是谁，但深陷却是如此的失落。	2
Some Paraclete associates make counseling a central part of their ministry.	一些 Paraclete 员工将咨询作为其部门的核心部分。	2
Some people are sceptical it will ever happen.	有些人怀疑这种情况将会发生。	0
Some people are well suited for working from home while others would find the experience to be frustrating, unproductive and unfulfilling.	有些人很适合在家工作，而另一些人则会发现这种经历令人沮丧，无成效和不满足。	2
Some people like to add a pinch of cloves or even ginger.	有些人喜欢加点丁香，甚至生姜。	1
Some people really keep their anger so secretly that their rage takes over their whole lives, affecting all their thoughts and actions.	有些人真的很暗中保持愤怒，以至于他们的愤怒影响了他们的所有思想和行动。	2
Some people say that this is the place where underground waters divide to source both the river Krka and the river Cetina.	有人说，这是地下水域分割的地方，可以同时产生克尔卡河和塞蒂纳河。	1
Some people think that this writing is about the Red Dragon and how to fight satan.	有人认为这篇文章是关于红龙和如何对抗撒旦的。	1
Some people undeviating place bets on who they think will win the World Series of Poker.	有些人对谁会赢得世界扑克系列的比赛感到不快。	1
Some people who are naturally blessed with thick and heavy lids no longer require the addition of other cosmetics to their lashes as such eyes will only need minimal handling.	一些自然地有厚厚的脂质的人不再需要在洗涤中添加其他化妆品，因为这种眼睛只需要极少的处理。	2
Some persons may even suspect that the doctrines proposed savor of superstition.	有些人甚至可能怀疑这种理论提出了迷信的味道。	1
Some potions are stronger than normal ones and heal wounds faster like this guy.	有些伤口比正常的强，像这个家伙一样更快地愈合伤口。	2
Some remarks on this subject are made in the next section.	关于这一问题的一些意见将在下一节中提出。	0
Some rights that are identified in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights are in my view matters of policy and of economic system, and not essential to democracy.	我认为，《世界人权宣言》中确定的一些权利是政策和经济制度问题，对民主不是必要的。	0
Some said I was crazy for spending so much at the time but the gun I bought was an all numbers matching rifle with all Chinese parts.	有人说我当时疯狂地花了这么多钱，但我买的枪是一个全数字匹配步枪和所有中国部分。	2
Some speed acid tightened your neck, made you hyper and shaky much like speed would do.	一些速酸收紧了你的脖子，使你变得像速度一样高而且摇晃。	2
Some stores offered wide variety of discounts watches when you shop.	一些商店在您购物时提供多种折扣手表。	1
Something about files existing in two different places.	关于两个不同位置的文件的一些信息。	0
Something about the case is ringing a bell of familiarity.	关于此案的一些事情正在敲响一个熟悉的钟。	2
Something extremely important must have been in there for them to go after him like this.	他们必须在那里找到一些非常重要的东西，才能像这样去跟他走。	0
Something More reviews About a week after closing the hellmouth, Spike emerges from the rubble wanting to strangle the Powers That Be.	在关闭地狱之口一周后，更多的评论是斯皮克从希望扼杀权力的废墟中出来的。	2
Something seemed wrong when they started telling us to go home and the sound of sirens started.	当他们开始告诉我们回家，警笛声开始时，似乎出了问题。	1
Something shuffles in the bushes and I jerk.	在灌木丛中有一些松露的东西，我就会动起来。	2
Something sweet and fluffy with good Carlisle and Esme lovin'.	一种甜而蓬松的东西，有着很好的卡莱尔和埃斯梅洛文。	2
Something tells me he really has something to say.	有人告诉我，他真的有什么要说的。	2
Something that had to do with shinobies and running away.	这是一种与羞布和跑走有关的东西。	2
Something that is extremely hard to do when the transmitted signal is a burst of RF data.	当传输的信号是射频数据的突发时，这是非常难做的事情。	2
Something that saved me with Aidan is sleeping whenever he was sleeping.	阿丹救了我的东西，每当他睡觉时，他都在睡觉。	2
Something that triggers some kind of desire for a goal or something like that.	激发某种对目标或类似目标的渴望的东西。	0
Something they can use to call their husband or wife.	他们可以用来打电话给丈夫或妻子的东西。	2
Something was really messed up now, we found a cave as quick as we could and stopped for the night.	现在有些东西真的被搞砸了，我们很快就找到了一个洞穴，晚上就停下来了。	2
Something weak and tired and scared of something uncertain.	有些东西很弱，很累，害怕一些不确定的东西。	2
Sometimes Albus sat with one of us, or sometimes my friends sat with me, but mostly it was him all alone at a table and me all alone at another table.	有时，阿尔布斯和我们其中一人坐在一起，有时我的朋友也和我坐在一起，但大多数情况下，他都是一个人坐在一张桌子上，而我都是一个人坐在另一张桌子上。	0
Sometimes a sacrifice was demanded to win the war.	有时需要牺牲才能赢得战争。	0
Sometimes bringing attention to small kindnesses makes them contagious.	有时引起对小种疾病的关注会使它们具有传染性。	1
Sometimes I also experience video corruption after a few minutes, trashing some terminal emulation until the next redraw.	有时我也会在几分钟后遇到视频损坏，在下一次重画之前，我会尝试一些终端仿真。	1
Sometimes I wonder myself about the power of stupidity, especially over the recent opinions about the warming up of the earth and to pay extra taxes for that.	有时我会怀疑愚蠢的力量，特别是最近关于地球变暖并为此支付额外税的意见。	2
Sometimes lighting is less than perfect, or a shot will begin wide, then zoom in on a tiny spacecraft as if the camera operator has just noticed it.	有时照明不够完美，或者一个镜头开始的时候会很宽，然后放大一个小型航天器，就像相机操作者刚刚注意到的那样。	1
Sometimes mixing memory may cause blue screens and junk like that due to a variety of different specifications.	有时混合内存可能会导致蓝屏和类似的垃圾，这是由于各种不同的规格。	2
Sometimes sessions are led by FOSEP members, but more frequently we invite a prominent member of the faculty or local community to lead the discussion.	有时会议由 FOSEP 成员主持，但更经常的是，我们邀请教员或当地社区的一名杰出成员主持讨论。	1
Sometimes teachers also post pictures on sites like Classmates or Reunited.	有时教师也会在同学或重聚等网站上张贴图片。	2
Sometimes the buttons dont work at all especially if the phone is slightly greasy i miss the trusty sony erickson, which in actual fact im planning to buy to replace the prada.	有时按钮根本不起作用，特别是如果电话油腻的话，我会想念那款可靠的索尼 · 埃里克森（ Sony Erickson ），实际上我打算购买来替换 Prada 。	2
Sometimes the figure turns out better or worse than pics you see on the web.	有时，这一数字比你在网上看到的图片更好或更差。	2
Sometimes the mighty hand of God is used as a chastening hand bringing blows against the believer.	有时，神的强大手被用作一只令人发指的手，向信徒带来打击。	2
Sometimes we just have to face the facts.	有时我们只需面对事实。	0
Some times you can counter the effects of the weld on the front end, but you can just about always counter the effects on the tail end. burninbriar hit the nail on the head.	有时您可以抵消焊接对前端的影响，但您几乎可以始终抵消对尾端的影响。 burninbrriar 击中了头部的指甲。	2
Some tools for professional teams are now available in the market, such as Translation Manager by IBM, Eurolang Optimizer by Site Eurolang and TWB by Trados.	现在市场上有一些面向专业团队的工具，如 IBM 的 Translation Manager ， Site Eurolang 的 Eurolang Optimizer 和 Trados 的 TWB 。	1
Some videos are actually put out by the artist and are usually a concert clip.	有些视频实际上是由艺术家制作的，通常是一个音乐会剪辑。	2
Somewhere during the Battle of Hogwarts Draco had realized this truth.	霍格沃茨 · 德拉科战役中的某个地方已经意识到了这一真理。	1
Some will argue that fear of terrorism is at play here.	有些人会说，对恐怖主义的恐惧在这里起着作用。	2
Some would say that the internet and technology are tools of Satan.	有人会说互联网和技术是撒旦的工具。	0
So much better and cheaper than buying them.	比购买更好，更便宜。	1
So much has happened to her that it mazes me she even has the will to go on.	她发生了如此多的事情，她甚至有继续下去的意愿，这使我感到非常失望。	1
So my question is, what are the people paid to deal with issues such as this doing when I alert them to the misdirected letters?	所以我的问题是，当我提醒他们注意误导性信件时，人们会支付什么钱来处理这样的问题？	0
Sonic and Gabriel realized this must be Hashlar.	Sonic 和 Gabriel 意识到这一定是 Hashlar 。	0
So nice seeing Wilson finally speaking up to House instead of letting him walk all over him.	看到威尔逊终于向房子说话，而不是让他到处走，真是太好了。	2
So nice to read a somewhat less angsty Reno.	很高兴能看到一个不太友好的里诺	1
Sonny Daniels, Matthew Snyder and Charlie Ward were wheeling the body on a stretcher down the hall, when Jerry Lee popped out and asked if he could look.	Sonny Daniels ， Matthew Snyder 和 Charlie Ward 在大厅里用担架敲打身体，这时 Jerry Lee 突然出来问他是否可以看。	2
So, not only are these 5 tips to get back at your ex, but they are also wonderful techniques on how to Get Husband Back too.	因此，这 5 条提示不仅可以让你回到你的前科，而且也是如何让丈夫回来的很好的技巧。	2
So obviously, these are the sorts of things that journalists in country take great care and an awful lot of skepticisms applied to that.	因此，很明显，这些都是国内记者非常关心的事情，对这些事情也有很多怀疑。	1
Soon after their return to Loma Santa they set out on the long trip to the coast to attend the Annual Business Meeting in Monsefu.	他们在返回洛马圣后不久便开始前往海岸参加在蒙塞福举行的年度商务会议。	1
Soon enough they will be running and playing happily within your yard.	他们很快就会在你的院子里跑步和玩耍。	0
Soon enough we beleive the lie and what should repulse us is acceptable.	我们很快就相信谎言，我们应该采取什么措施来制止这种情况，这是可以接受的。	1
So one of the great astronomical events of the last century had come and gone, and we had not known what it was until it was over.	因此，上个世纪的一个伟大的天文事件已经过去了，直到它结束我们才知道它是什么。	0
Soon he bought a picnic and took her to a special place in the park that was his alone.	不久，他买了野餐，带她去了公园里的一个特别的地方，那是他自己一个人的地方。	2
Soon he was naked and helpless in her arms and appendages, groaning deeply as she pleasured him mentally and physically.	不久，他就在她的手臂和 appendages 中赤身裸体，无助，在她身心愉悦的时候深深地呻吟。	2
Soon, young Houstonians and their teachers will discover the difference music can make in the classroom thanks to the Lisa and Agbo Abiola Initiative in Music Education.	不久，年轻的休斯顿人及其教师将会发现，由于 LISA 和 Agbo Abiola 音乐教育计划，音乐在课堂上的作用将会有所不同。	1
So overwhelming, in fact, that the city has been known to induce Stendhal syndrome, after the French writer Stendhal who suffered from it on visiting Santa Croce.	事实上，这座城市在法国作家斯坦德哈尔访问圣十字教堂时遭受了这种疾病的折磨，因此，人们都知道这座城市引发了斯坦德哈尔综合症（ Stendhal syndrome ）。	2
Sophisticated crime rings have cohorts around the world who skim cards and forward the details, so a counterfeit can be produced and used in a different country within hours.	复杂的犯罪集团在世界各地有许多人在盗取卡片和转发细节，因此可以在数小时内在不同国家生产和使用假币。	0
So please join us for an opportunity to hang out with people who love design and code just as much as you do.	因此，请加入我们，借此机会与喜欢设计和代码的人一起闲逛，就像您一样。	2
Sora could barely see two feet in front of him much less any doors leading the way out of here.	索拉几乎看不到他前面两英尺的地方，更不用说任何扇门引导着他离开这里了。	1
Sorata had known about his fate since he was small.	索拉塔从小就知道自己的命运。	0
Sore throats that are associated with colds are generally mild.	与感冒相关的关节痛通常为轻度。	2
Sorns were piling the earth up in pinnacles on each side, and hrossa seemed to be making water channels.	索恩斯在两侧的尖峰石阵上打桩，而希罗萨似乎正在形成水通道。	2
Sorry about this bring unsinged but this is my first time onthis site.	很抱歉，这是我第一次来这个网站。	0
Sorry because there are going to be many mistakes.	很抱歉，因为会有很多错误。	1
Sorry guys for a long inactivity but Can We Reack 15 like for this sick Introducing Of Auto Durk ??	对不起，大家长时间不活动，但我们能不能像这种病态的汽车 Durk 的介绍那样回到 15 岁？？	2
Sorry if I pry too deep but are you German?	对不起，如果我过于用力，你是德国人吗？	1
Sorry I had to leave babe, Rogue wanted to go on a mission.	很抱歉我不得不离开巴贝，罗格想去做一个任务。	0
Sorry that I've not been as responsive as I should have been in the past few weeks.	很抱歉，我没有像过去几周那样积极回应。	2
Sorry you cannot make it this month but look forward to meeting more lesbians in the Spartanburg area.	很抱歉，你本月不能参加，但期待在斯巴丹堡地区会见更多的女同性恋者。	1
So Simple Knits is the perfect book for beginner and younger knitters who want stylish, contemporary designs to practice their new craft.	因此，简单的针织是初学者和年轻的针织者的理想选择，他们想要时尚，现代的设计来实践他们的新工艺。	1
So sorry to hear about the tornados affecting you and your family.	很遗憾听到影响您和您家人的 Tornados 。	2
So start creating your own web pages and run your business in successful manner.	因此，开始创建您自己的网页，并以成功的方式经营您的业务。	2
So, start seeing your favourite movies and other multimedia in total comfort and without limitations thanks to Magic Angle.	因此，借助 Magic Angle ，您可以在完全舒适的环境中观看您喜爱的电影和其他多媒体。	0
So states Ryan Phillippe adamantly in the new issue of W magazine.	因此， Ryan Phillippe 在新一期的《 W 》杂志上坚定地表示。	1
So stay tuned for access to this new tool.	因此请继续关注这一新工具的使用。	0
So that complete stranger who can show me how to do something in Anime Studio Debut or whatever becomes a powerful resource.	这是一个完全陌生的人，他可以告诉我如何在 Anime Studio 的首次亮相中做一些事情，或者什么事情都能成为一个强大的资源。	2
So that kind of drifted and I got involved in other things.	所以这种情况就像漂流一样，我也参与了其他事情。	1
So the developing of skills concerning interpersonal actions seems to be a more promising possibility.	因此，培养人际交往技巧似乎是一种更有希望的可能性。	1
So the Doctor tried to grab the foxtale and she spun around and bit him.	于是医生试图抓住这个狐狸故事，然后她四处转，咬他。	1
So the hard part for me is once I've made a painting that is particularly successful is how to push past that.	所以我最难的部分是，我曾经画过一幅特别成功的画，就是如何推动这幅画的过去。	2
So then, I will be able to fullscreen each app on every single display?	那么，我将能够在每个显示屏上对每个应用程序进行全屏显示？	0
So the once quiet hunt for the ideal sketchbook recently took a turn for the better.	因此，曾经安静地寻找理想的素描本的工作最近有所好转。	2
So these were some of the visuals that have defined my art sensibilities.	这些是一些视觉效果，定义了我的艺术敏感性。	1
So the two of them held hands and talked all the way on the long walk to the Burrow.	于是他们两个人手持双手，在通往布鲁的漫长步行中一路说话。	1
So they are identical but also separate, depending on whether we are focusing on the feature or the coin.	因此它们是相同的，但也是分开的，这取决于我们是专注于功能还是硬币。	1
So, they grasp for straws, grasp for theories that could perhaps extricate and explain why the methods work.	因此，他们抓住了拉爪，抓住了可能会使其变得更外在的理论，并解释了方法的作用。	2
So they prefer to see Iraq along with other Arabs in fight with Israel to relieve them in their goal of exporting Shiite Islam to the region.	因此，他们宁愿看到伊拉克和其他阿拉伯人同以色列作战，以解除他们向该地区输出什叶派伊斯兰教的目标。	0
So they rowed out to sea and threw her over board.	于是他们向大海走去，把她扔到船上。	2
So they wanted the flooding scenario to go on.	因此他们希望洪水的情况继续下去。	2
So this is obviously the time to call again on them.	因此，现在显然是再次呼吁它们的时候了。	1
So to all small breasted female monkeys, I say you are beautiful and sexy and I would like to rub all over you.	所以，对所有小的乳母猴子来说，我说你是美丽的，性感的，我想在你身上摩擦一下。	2
So turn it up and add distortion to see if you really nailed it!	因此，将其向上转动并增加扭曲，看看您是否真的成功了！	1
Sounds like appropriate punishment for crooks who use democracy to oppress people.	这听起来像是对利用民主压迫人民的骗子的适当惩罚。	1
Source * Harold Earthman at the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress link= This article incorporates public domain material from websites or documents of the Biographical Directory of the United States Congress.	资料来源 * 美国国会《传记名录》链接中的 Harold Earthman 。本文包含美国国会《传记名录》网站或文件中的公共领域材料。	1
South Florida based businesses are also being called upon to contribute to the cause as well as hospitals, medical, and construction workers who are willing to play a small part in making a huge difference.	南佛罗里达的企业也被要求为这一事业做出贡献，医院，医疗和建筑工人也愿意在做出巨大改变方面发挥小作用。	1
So visit the Google URL builder and create your first link.	因此，请访问 Google URL 生成器并创建您的第一个链接。	0
So Wallsofchina have you got any suggestions to how John can move his position forward?	那么，沃尔索菲奇娜，你有没有对约翰如何推进他的立场提出任何建议？	0
So we had a fun relaxing day that I look forward to doing again hopefully soon.	因此，我们度过了一个有趣的放松的一天，我期待着很快再次这样做。	1
So we needed to understand which tools could be useful before we proposed adopting them.	因此，在我们建议采用这些工具之前，我们需要了解哪些工具是有用的。	0
So we programmed software we always wanted to have for ourselves.	因此，我们编程了我们一直希望自己拥有的软件。	0
So we stopped in Kaibab NF at a lovely, nearly empty campground.	所以我们在一个可爱的，几乎是空荡荡的露营地停留在 Kaibab NF 。	2
So what could change their minds and lessen their commitment to the collision repair industry?	那么，他们的想法会发生什么变化，他们对碰撞修复行业的承诺会减少？	2
So what do I think of Vista, well it would be nice is all the drivers did what they said on the tin.	我认为 VISTA 会更好的是所有的司机都做了他们所说的。	2
So what effect has all that had on him?	那么，这一切对他有何影响？	0
So what if we take out a bunch of civilians, they mean nothing compared to the life of a police officer.	那么，如果我们把一群平民带走，他们与警官的生活相比就没有什么意义了。	1
So what Jesus was telling Peter was not just the disciples but anyone who is doing the work of the Father and is like that servant will also be blessed.	所以耶稣所告诉彼得的，不是门徒，而是做父工作的人，就像那个仆人一样，也是有福的。	1
So what really does this all mean available for you?	那么，这一切对您来说意味着什么？	0
So when people are getting any of the totally different problems they must get the completely different work for different professionals.	因此，当人们遇到任何完全不同的问题时，他们必须为不同的专业人员获得完全不同的工作。	1
So when they told me that you could imagine the wow and how shocked I was.	所以当他们告诉我你可以想象到我是多么的震惊。	0
So when you are able to go on soft foods and want to have a scramble egg just take it slow.	所以当你能够吃软食品，想要吃炒蛋的时候，就慢慢吃吧。	2
So when you see an integer value that does not have a sign, you can rightly assume it is a positive value.	因此，当您看到一个没有符号的整数值时，您可以正确地假设它是一个正值。	1
So whether you want to hunt in Arkansas or in Missouri our Pro Staff is waiting to show you a hunt of a lifetime.	无论您是想在阿肯色州还是密苏里州打猎，我们的专业人员都在等待您的一生。	1
So while the essence of BT's claim that 15 million homes and SMEs are accessing broadband over its network is truthful, the facts are being fudged.	因此，尽管 BT 声称有 1 500 万户家庭和中小型企业通过其网络接入宽带这一说法的实质是真实的，但事实却被引信了。	2
So who attended this class you may ask?	那么您可能会问谁参加了这一课程？	1
So why is the Bergamo Acquisition Corporation worth looking at?	那么为什么贝加莫收购公司值得一看？	0
So why not let the bank take a charge on farmland?	那么为什么不让银行对农田收费呢？	0
So Willy forgot about her and moved on.	于是，威尔利忘了她，继续前进。	0
So yesterday during the fight I got so mad i put a bottle of rose tequilla threw a jar or pickles.	所以昨天我在战斗中疯狂地放了一瓶玫瑰茶，扔了一罐或泡菜。	2
So you see waiting is all I think about and it is hard.	所以你会发现等待是我所想的一切，这是很难的。	2
So, you stock your aquarium full of little fish from the coral reef and apparently other tiny critters come along for the ride.	所以，你可以把你的水族馆储存起来，里面有来自珊瑚礁的小鱼，显然其他的小动物也会来这里骑行。	2
So you tell Me, was the baptism of John from heaven or from men?	你告诉我，约翰的洗礼是来自天堂还是来自人？	0
Spam Peaks Several Times a Day Sophos, the IT security and control company, has found that spam mail traffic has been rising to peak levels according to time zones in different parts of the world.	垃圾邮件高峰公司 Sophos 是一家 IT 安全和控制公司，它每天都有几次发现垃圾邮件流量已根据世界各地的时区上升到高峰。	2
Sparing nothing in its path, the fire consumed mansion and hovel alike, completely indiscriminate in its destruction.	大火在路上无所不在，吞噬了豪宅和豪宅，完全不分青红皂白地摧毁了它。	1
Spawning gravel (suitable for salmon and resident rainbow) in this reach was abundant in almost all of the habitat units sampled.	这一范围内产卵的碎石（适合鲑鱼和居民彩虹）在几乎所有取样的生境单元中都是丰富的。	0
Spawning Habits Hybrid species are almost always sterile, this being so, saugeye are bred in fish hatcheries and stocked on a regular basis to maintain populations of the fish.	产卵习惯混合鱼种几乎总是无菌，因此，海鱼孵化了海鱼，并定期储存以维持鱼种群。	2
Speaking with them furthermore provides the chance to assuage just about any concerns as well as concerns they will often possess.	与他们交谈还提供了一个机会，可以解决他们通常会遇到的任何问题和顾虑。	1
Speak to a consultant that has previously worked in the Credit Industry.	请与之前在信贷行业工作的顾问联系。	0
Special offers are posted here as they become available throughout the year.	特别优惠将在全年推出时发布。	2
Special Reports EIAS publish special reports on key topics affecting the EU and Asia Click here to read more.	特别报告环境影响评估发布了关于影响欧盟和亚洲的关键主题的特别报告点击此处阅读更多内容。	2
Specialty Software Provider of CMS Church Management and Fund Accounting Software and Services.	CMS 教会管理和基金会计软件和服务的专业软件提供商。	0
Species from the tiniest flower to large orangutans are becoming endangered or even extinct.	从最微小的花到大猩猩的物种正在濒临灭绝甚至灭绝。	1
Specific adverse conditions that are expected to exist this summer (if any) will be explained in the Fuel section.	预计今年夏天会出现的具体不利条件（如有）将在 " 燃油 " 部分中进行说明。	1
Specifically, the report identifies and characterizes market segments and offers suggestions for effectively targeting reproductive health resources within the constraints of the political and economic environment.	具体而言，报告确定了市场部门的特点，并提出了在政治和经济环境的限制下有效利用生殖健康资源的建议。	1
Specific assignments ask them to apply this learning to practice and to systematically evaluate the outcomes.	具体任务要求他们将这一学习应用到实践中，并系统地评估结果。	1
Specifies the name of the queue to which the message is moved to if it cannot be processed successfully.	指定无法成功处理邮件时要将其移至的队列的名称。	1
Specify the four steps in hypothesis testing outlined in Hinkle et al.	具体说明 Hinkle 等人所述假设检验的四个步骤	1
Speculators look for opportunity, not reasons or causes. inelastic demand near capacity is an opportunity, to reap nonlinear profits from linear reduction of supply.	投机者寻找机会，而不是原因或原因。产能附近的不弹性需求是一个机会，可以从线性供应减少中获得非线性利润。	2
Speed lizzie three laps on a racetrack before time runs out.	在时间用完之前，在赛道上加速利兹三圈。	0
Speed of identification and categorization of stimuli indicate processing fluency.	刺激物鉴定和分类的速度表明了加工的流动性。	0
Spencer panted as he was lowered to the floor.	斯宾塞在他被降下地板时被惊慌了。	1
Spidertail was about to snarl an angry reply when the voice spoke again.	当声音再次发出时，蜘蛛尾将要发出愤怒的回复。	2
Spinning around I could see the blood rushing to my cheeks the ones of my face in embarrassment and quickly hope into the shower.	… ，我可以看到血迹涌向我的脸颊…我的脸陷入尴尬境地，并迅速希望淋浴。	1
Spinoza was an able political thinker, but much less so than Hobbes, and he rather modified the political theory of Hobbes than formed one of his own.	斯皮诺萨是一个有能力的政治思想家，但比霍布斯要少得多，他宁愿修改霍布斯的政治理论而不是形成自己的理论。	1
Splinter had suggested that they go to the farmhouse, seeing how his sons were stressed out because of the recent activity in the Foot clan.	分裂分子建议他们去农舍，看看他的儿子是如何因为最近在脚部族中的活动而被压力所压出来的。	2
Split floor plan and separate entry doors offer residents and guests lots of privacy.	分层设计和独立入口门为居民和客人提供了大量的隐私保护。	0
Spontaneous requirements to examine a particular checking account balance, an inventory balance, or a production plan could not be handled efficiently because the entire file had to be passed to extract any data.	无法有效地处理检查特定支票账户余额，库存余额或生产计划的自发要求，因为必须通过整个文件提取任何数据。	1
Sporting culture is very very important in having a healthy, strong bodied population.	体育文化对于拥有健康，健康的人口非常重要。	1
Spray booth means the structure housing automatic or manual spray application equipment where a coating is applied to plastic parts for business machines.	喷雾间是指用于在商用机器的塑料部件上涂覆涂层的自动或手动喷雾应用设备的结构。	1
Spraying on some of that liquid, that always stung whenever it came onto contact with flesh wounds, onto the white cloth.	喷涂一些液体，每当接触到肉体的伤口时，总是会在白色的布上。	2
Spread of modern education universally tends to level the ground between various groups, and the Konkanis are no exception.	现代教育的普及普遍趋向于在不同群体之间平坦，科纳尼人也不例外。	2
Spread the cooled leek mixture onto the Parma ham slices and wrap one around each beef fillet.	将冷却后的韭菜混合物分散到帕尔马火腿切片上，并将一个牛肉片缠绕在每个牛肉片上。	2
Spring term exemptions are conditional upon meeting program requirements in the fall.	春季条款豁免的条件是在秋季达到计划要求。	0
Sp sh debate: pick your barcelona team ewan macdonald invites readers to examine the fc barcelona squad for - and pick a formation and squad.	SP sh 辩论：挑选您的巴塞罗那队 Ewan MacDonald 邀请读者考察巴塞罗那队的 fc ，然后挑选一个编队和一个小队。	2
Squall is gonna find her soon and I'll be sad to see this end, but I am looking forward to reading the epi.	斯康尔很快就会找到她，我很难过看到这一目标，但我期待着阅读 EPI 。	2
SS032 Describes the practical means of ensuring the satisfactory acoustic performance of residential construction using lightsteel framing.	SS032 描述了使用轻钢框架确保住宅建筑令人满意的声学性能的实际方法。	1
S-shaped shoulder straps have comfortable VAPEL mesh AIRFLOW padding to make it easier to manage heavy loads.	S 形肩带具有舒适的 VAPEL 网状气流衬垫，使其更易于管理重负载。	1
Stables: Provide a happy home and display place for the mounts you have outgrown.	马厩：为您的成长提供一个快乐的家和展示场所。	2
Staff aces Chris Heston and Seth Maness were good in victories over Southern Miss, but it was Kevin Brandt and Brad Mincey who have suddenly raised the ceiling on the Pirates' season.	克里斯 · 赫斯顿和塞思 · 曼斯的员工在战胜南方小姐方面表现出色，但在海盗赛季中突然升起天花板的是凯文 · 勃兰特和布拉德 · 明奇。	2
Staff recommends no revisions to the Colonia Housing Standards.	工作人员建议不修订科洛尼亚住房标准。	1
Stages of drug use Experimental use Most young people try drugs for the first time as an experiment, usually because their friends are doing it.	药物使用的试验阶段大多数年轻人第一次尝试药物作为实验，通常是因为他们的朋友在这样做。	2
Stainless Steel has corrosion reducing elements in it and thus will not rust in any rapid fashion.	不锈钢含有防腐蚀元素，因此不会很快生锈。	0
Stalin first threatened Turkey for Turkish eastern provinces in 1936.	1936 年，斯大林首先威胁土耳其进入土耳其东部省份。	1
Stalking closer to the prepared and waiting young man John closed more of the space between them.	盯着准备好的等待着的年轻人约翰，把他们之间的空间关了很多。	2
Standard Security Materials We offer a large range of standard tamper evident solutions which can either be used alone or as the basis for more sophisticated layered solutions.	标准安全材料我们提供了大量标准防篡改解决方案，这些解决方案可以单独使用，也可以作为更复杂的分层解决方案的基础。	0
Stand design is a big consideration and depends on the show objectives and budget you have set.	立式设计是一大考虑因素，取决于您设定的展示目标和预算。	2
Standing visit the credentials of fda act to familiar.	常访 FDA 的证书是熟悉的。	1
Starfire floated up next to him, fully recovered and back to her normal self.	StarFire 在他旁边漂浮，完全恢复，回到正常的自我。	2
Staring at a blank page or an empty canvas is a frustrating experience.	盯着空白页或空白画布是一种令人沮丧的体验。	0
Starlab &amp; Earth Balloon Starlab As an extension of our Just Beyond the Classroom programs, the Office of Outdoor and Environmental Education is pleased to be able to offer STARLAB to our Nassau school districts.	Starlab &amp; Earth Balloon Starlab 作为我们的课堂以外课程的延伸，户外和环境教育办公室很高兴能够为我们的拿骚学区提供 STARLAB 。	2
Stars center Guy Carbonneau is officially the oldest man in the NHL with a contract.	STARS CENTRE GUY CARBONNEAU 是 NHL 中正式签订合同的最古老的人。	0
Start a routine of daily walks together, go for a bike ride, or even just get involved in their active play.	开始每天的散步，骑自行车，甚至只是参与他们的活动。	1
Start by listing all the jobs that need to be done for the household, and who does them now.	首先列出需要为家庭完成的所有工作，以及现在由谁来完成这些工作。	0
Start dating and find love in Brough today!	今天开始约会，在波尔斯找到爱！	0
Starter is yet another startup manager, that allows you to view and manage all the programs that are starting automatically whenever Windows boots.	Starter 是另一个启动管理器，它允许您查看和管理 Windows 启动时自动启动的所有程序。	0
Starting from where I see is the track to the west of Greensile cottage, where the engine room is, if I go north from there then I come to the wood grown to hide the the four emplacements.	从我所看到的那条路开始，就是格林西尔小屋的西边，那里是发动机室，如果我从那里向北走，我就会来到为隐藏四个位置而种植的木头。	0
Starting mortgagee: Enter the ID code of the first Mortgagee you want included in the Land report.	起始承按人：输入您想要包含在土地报告中的第一个承按人的 ID 代码。	1
Starting the car and hearing the roar of it coming to life awoke him.	启动汽车并听到汽车的咆哮声，这让他惊醒了。	1
Starting with the festival organised in honour of the 20th anniversary of the Campaign for Solidarity against domestic violence, a series of activities which bear the specific color and stamp of feminists were launched.	从为纪念反家庭暴力团结运动 20 周年而组织的节日开始，开展了一系列以女性主义者的特殊肤色和印记为标志的活动。	0
START Time conversion initiated when Start input signal exceeds threshold.	启动输入信号超过阈值时启动时间转换。	0
States also differ in terms of whether expenses incurred in training or educating new employees are a legitimate justification for imposing an agreement not to compete.	各国在培训或教育新雇员方面的费用是否是强加一项不竞争协议的合法理由方面也有不同。	1
Static arrived just in time to catch a ship falling on Batman.	静态号刚刚抵达，以赶上一艘船落在蝙蝠侠身上。	1
Station number thirteen was who could throw the frisbee closest to the hoop.	13 号站是谁能将飞盘抛在最靠近环王的地方。	2
Statistical theory allows us to quantify the behavior of extreme price variations observed in financial markets.	统计理论使我们能够量化金融市场中观察到的极端价格变化的行为。	2
Statistics gathered by the Stanford Research Institute under FCC contract RC 10056 support 5 seconds as a reasonable transmission length and exponential distribution, access delays can be calculated and plotted as shown in Figure 3.	斯坦福研究所根据 FCC 合同 RC 10056 收集的统计数据支持 5 秒合理的传输长度和指数分布，访问延迟可以计算和绘制，如图 3 所示。	2
Stay Dog Bite Free Tips on how to avoid dog bites and how to prevent your dog from biting other people from The Humane Society of the US.	关于如何避免狗咬以及如何防止狗咬其他人的美国人道协会的建议。	0
Stay on Rutter St. until it turns one way and turn left on to Pierce Street.	沿 Rutter St. 行驶，直至转弯，然后左转进入 Pierce Street 。	0
Stay protected and remember to renew your Symantec subscription.	请保持保护并记住续订您的 Symantec 订阅。	2
Steak tartare is a French dish made from finely chopped or ground raw meat (often beef).	鞑靼牛排是一种法国菜，由切碎或碎生肉（通常是牛肉）制成。	0
Steer clear of presenting a lot information and facts from the ad since it will not likely typically end up being entirely read and can sometimes stifle enquiry.	避免从广告中展示大量信息和事实，因为它通常不会被完全阅读，有时会扼杀询问。	1
STEM education is the right approach to address those issues today, and the university is very fortunate to have the right people in the right positions at the right time to drive this initiative.	STEM education is the right approach to address those issues today, and the university is very fortunate to have the right people in the right positions at the right time to drive this initiative.	2
Step 1: Understand what services are available La Crosse County and local municipalities contract with the Coulee Region Humane Society for animal control services.	第 1 步：了解拉克罗斯县和当地市政当局与库利地区动物控制服务人道协会签订了合同。	2
Step 3: Association discovery: To produce a candidate schema mapping, the third step proposes the associations between class instances in the combinations proposed in Step 2.	步骤 3 ：关联发现：要生成候选架构映射，第三步建议在步骤 2 中建议的组合中的类实例之间的关联。	1
Step by step on how to make a simple MLP emblem in the BF4 editor using no more than 20 layers.	逐步说明如何在 BF4 编辑器中使用不超过 20 层的简单 MLP 标志。	0
Stephen was given financial aid to cover his first two semesters.	斯蒂芬获得了财政援助，以覆盖他的头两个学期。	1
Steps to be taken for accommodation will follow the procedures for employees, as outlined above.	采取的住宿措施将遵循上述雇员程序。	1
Steve Branson, pastor of Village Parkway Baptist Church, tells me that as many as a half dozen of his church members are currently facing persecution on the base for their religious beliefs.	村道浸信会牧师史蒂夫 · 布兰森告诉我，他的教堂成员中有多达五打目前因其宗教信仰而在基地受到迫害。	1
Steve Morgan added that the report was asked for by the city council and that it stated that the RFQ committee did the right thing.	Steve Morgan 补充说，这份报告是市政委员会要求的，它说 RFQ 委员会做了正确的事情。	1
Steve thought Loki must be getting close, as his voice was getting breathier and his movements less controlled.	Steve 认为 Loki 一定要离得更近，因为他的声音越来越大，他的动作也越来越不受控制。	1
Steve took a detour into the kitchen to grab two beers before finally joining Danny outside.	Steve 绕道走进厨房，喝了两杯啤酒，最后在外面加入了 Danny 。	2
Steve was in pain and he needed him so instead he gave Steve a massage.	史蒂夫痛苦地需要他，于是他给了史蒂夫一个按摩。	2
Stewie runs to the chair and sits down while placing the crown hat on his head.	斯蒂维跑在椅子上，坐下来，把帽子戴在头上。	0
Stick something on my talk page if you want to discuss this :].	如果你想讨论这个问题，请在我的谈话页上粘贴一些内容： ] 。	1
Still a long way to go but the President has made a good start.	还有很长的路要走，但总统已经有了一个良好的开端。	1
Still another vessel is the vein that returns blood from the liver, which may be seen on the left side of the animal anterior to, but near the large artery that supplies the liver.	另一个血管是从肝脏中回流血液的静脉，这种静脉可以在动物前侧左侧看到，但靠近供给肝脏的大动脉。	1
Still, considering what had happened, a lack of open hostility was probably as much as Harry could hope for.	尽管如此，考虑到发生的情况，缺乏公开的敌意可能与 Harry 所希望的一样。	2
Still his combat skills outdid any of the special units in the Elmekian military and he did get promoted to a Corporal after being almost killed in several meaningless battles.	他的战斗技能仍然超过了埃尔梅基安军队的任何特种部队，在几次毫无意义的战斗中几乎被杀之后，他确实晋升为下士。	1
Still missing is background information on the salary request by CIRM Chairman Robert Klein, a proposal to triage proposals for grants and the application by the International Society for Stem Cell Research for funding of a conference.	关于 CIRM 主席罗伯特 · 克莱因的薪金申请，一项关于对赠款提案进行分类的建议以及国际干细胞研究协会申请为会议提供资金的背景资料仍然缺失。	1
Still others say it will be just another day on Earth.	还有人说这只是地球上的另一天。	0
Still, sometimes it was hard to escape hearing about this or that or the other and avoiding situations that had something to do with sexuality.	然而，有时很难逃避这种或那种或那种情况，避免发生与性有关的情况。	1
Still the creature continued to lash out and fight, trying to find some means of rising.	但生物继续打结，试图找到一些上升的方法。	2
Still, volunteer military service is encouraged and IDF service was made mandatory for Druze and Circassian men at the request of their community leaders.	尽管如此，仍鼓励志愿兵役，并应德鲁兹人和切尔卡西人社区领袖的要求，强制要求以色列国防军服役。	0
Stir in some of the pasta cooking water if the mixture is too dry.	如果混合物太干，请搅动一些意大利面煮食水。	2
Stock up with Mini Hand Warmers and Toe Warmers Big Packs from Grabber Warmers!	用小型手持式手摇臂和束角式手摇臂的大包装储备！	1
Stop being such a freak and just do it!	不要成为这样的自由人，就来这里吧！	1
Story after story after story people told me were of fallen trees that had seemed to twist and turn and just barely miss some catastrophic damage to life and property.	每一个故事又一个故事，人们告诉我的是倒下的树木，这些树木似乎在扭曲和转动，几乎没有对生命和财产造成灾难性的破坏。	1
Story of the sidewheel steamer, Brother Jonathan whose Captain went to his death railin against greedy profiteers who overloaded us.	关于侧轮式蒸汽机的故事，乔纳森兄弟，他的船长去他的死栏杆，对付给我们造成负担的贪婪的谋利者。	2
Striped wallpaper or one in which the predominating trend of the pattern is vertical will make a room with a low ceiling look very much taller.	条纹墙纸或图案呈垂直趋势的墙纸将使低天花板的房间看起来高得多。	0
Strong understanding of the property sector in the Brisbane marketplace.	对布里斯班市场的房地产行业有着深刻的了解。	0
Strong working links and communication will be maintained with the recovery team.	将与恢复团队保持强大的工作联系和沟通。	1
Student Geminians are going to reap fruits of hard work in studies in 2008.	2008 年，学生 Geminians 将收获辛勤工作的成果。	2
Students are encouraged to dress up as their favorite career choice.	鼓励学生打扮成他们最喜欢的职业选择。	0
Students can use the findings to identify potential pitfalls and work to ensure a greater likelihood of success in college.	学生可以利用调查结果发现潜在的陷阱，并努力确保大学成功的可能性更大。	2
Students changing majors are encouraged to make an appointment with a counselor to discuss their new course requirements.	鼓励转校学生与辅导员预约，讨论他们的新课程要求。	0
Students choosing Mathematics C must also choose Mathematics B. It is recommended that only those students who have attained a B or higher grade in Foundation for Mathematics B should undertake this course.	选择数学 C 的学生也必须选择数学 B 。建议只有在数学 B 基础上获得 B 或更高年级的学生才能参加这门课程。	1
Students design their programs of study following departmental guidelines in consultation with their advisory committees, complete comprehensive examinations in their fields of specialization, and pursue original research resulting in a dissertation of publishable quality.	学生根据部门指导方针与咨询委员会协商制定学习计划，完成其专业领域的全面考试，并进行原始研究，从而得出可公开质量的论文。	1
Students enrolling in the English Logistics Programme are required to attend the English Preparatory Class for one academic year to learn general and vocational English.	参加英语物流计划的学生必须参加英语预备班，为期一个学年，学习普通和职业英语。	0
Students from other countries are kindly asked to contact organizers prior to sending in application form.	请其他国家的学生在递交申请表前与主办单位联系。	0
Students in grades seven and eight can only be admitted if they have younger siblings in the program.	七年级和八年级的学生只有在有年幼兄弟姐妹参加该方案时才可入学。	1
Students in the SILS Undergraduate Honors Program engage in independent research and write an honors thesis under the supervision of a faculty member.	在一名教师的监督下，独立研究和撰写荣誉论文的学生参加了独立的研究。	1
Students invent sentences about the lives of the two people using the nouns provided.	学生们用所提供的名词发明了关于两个人生活的句子。	0
Students may add things that she could have done that were not said in the story.	学生们可能会补充一些她本可以做的事情，而这些事情在故事中没有提到。	0
Students motivated by participation in communities focused on complex problems The Rise of the Virtual Campus The Virtual Campus Solution Workforce development implications of STEM virtual campus ?	学生积极参与关注复杂问题的社区虚拟校园的兴起虚拟校园解决方案劳动力开发对 STEM 虚拟校园的影响？	2
Students of all disciplines are free to submit articles.	所有学科的学生都可以自由提交文章。	0
Students relied on these various methods to perform better on their standardized tests.	学生依靠这些不同的方法来更好地执行标准化测试。	0
Students should use discretion when checking out materials that do not fit their individual needs or personal preference.	学生在查看不符合个人需求或个人偏好的材料时应谨慎行事。	1
Students will become both detective and criminalist as they learn how to secure a crime scene, and collect and analyze physical evidence.	学生将在学习如何保护犯罪现场以及收集和分析物证时成为侦探和犯罪分子。	2
Students will be responsible for weekly writing assignments and homework, preparing them for university course work deadlines.	学生将负责每周的写作任务和家庭作业，为他们准备大学课程工作的最后期限。	2
Students will create a trading card displaying the information learned.	学生将创建一张显示所学信息的交易卡。	2
Students will pay Carthage College tuition and fees for their student teaching experience.	学生将为其学生的教学体验支付 Carthage College 的学费和费用。	0
Students will study the fiber arts and create three dimensional art projects.	学生将学习纤维艺术，并创造三维艺术项目。	2
Students with Royal Holloway International as their home department should refer to the requirements specified by Royal Holloway International for their programme.	以皇家霍洛威国际作为其家乡的学生应参考皇家霍洛威国际为其课程规定的要求。	1
Students with unexcused absences will earn no credit for any work made up.	不能免除缺勤的学生不会因任何工作而获得任何学分。	1
Studies have shown that boys and girls learn in different ways.	研究表明，男孩和女孩以不同的方式学习。	1
Studies have shown that well composed listing photographs can make potential buyers think that the property is worth more than if the photos are mediocre.	研究表明，精心制作的商品照片可能会让潜在买家认为该房产的价值高于照片的平庸价值。	1
Studying is where I turn when I feel insecure.	当我感到不安全时，我会转向学习。	1
Study participants were also asked questions about other habits that could be correlated with marijuana use, such as smoking and alcohol intake.	还向研究参与者询问了与大麻使用相关的其他习惯的问题，如吸烟和饮酒。	1
Stump the Weather Guy Simply Science of your FAMILY Family News Moms Like Me!	“看天气”的家伙简直就是“你家的科学”家庭新闻妈妈就像我一样！	2
Stupid for not telling you how I feel?	不告诉你我的感受是愚蠢的？	1
Style Validation Text Field widget error message text By default, error messages for the Validation Text Field widget appear in red with a 1-pixel solid border surrounding the text.	样式验证文本字段小部件错误消息文本默认情况下，验证文本字段小部件的错误消息以红色显示，文本周围有 1 像素的实心边框。	1
Suben translated her theory into the following practice: The core of her method is the workbook she produced last year on the fly.	Suben 将她的理论转化为以下实践：她的方法的核心是她去年在飞行中制作的工作手册。	1
Subjective evaluation of synthesis sound field using concert hall simulator.	使用音乐厅模拟器对合成声场进行主观评估。	0
Submissions should be made to your Model Schools coordinator quarterly.	每季度提交给您的模拟学校协调员。	2
Subscribe now for new GGN and music videos!	立即订阅新的 GGN 和音乐视频！	0
Subscribers will be familiar with this separation which we have highlighted repeatedly.	用户将熟悉我们反复强调的这一分离。	1
Subsequent proximal retraction of the hooks secures the anastomotic ring device to the ring engaging fingers.	随后钩子的近端回缩将非气动环装置固定到环啮合手指上。	1
Such an addition is not new in the outdoor setting as it was often the source of water for the household in ancient times.	这种添加在户外环境中并不新鲜，因为它在古代通常是家庭的水源。	2
Such as their time in the city instead of skipping ahead to the festival actually show events leading up to it in a few chapters.	例如，他们在城市里的时间，而不是跳过节日，实际上在几个章节中展示了导致节日的活动。	2
Such devices were frequently built to superficially resemble younger consoles, such as this one modeled after a PS One.	此类设备通常在表面上类似于较年轻的控制台，例如这种以 PS 为模型的控制台。	1
Such early payment fee shall also be due and payable to Laurus upon termination of this Agreement by Laurus after the occurrence of an Event of Default.	在发生违约事件后， Laurus 终止本协议时，此类提前支付费用也应到期支付给 Laurus 。	1
Such is the lesson of the Tower of Babel.	这就是巴伯塔的教训。	0
Such justification might include how widely the tool will be used, why an existing tool is inadequate, etc. A reference to a website where it can be obtained is quite helpful.	这种理由可能包括该工具的使用范围，现有工具不足的原因等。提及可获得该工具的网站非常有用。	2
Such that for example a movement to the left will trigger a corresponding pan to the left.	例如，向左移动会触发向左的相应平移。	0
Such theories may have led King who chairs the House Homeland Security Committee and other Congressmen to suspect the community as a whole.	这种理论可能导致国王——他担任众议院国土安全委员会主席——和其他国会议员怀疑整个社区。	2
Such things were always in the hands of Providence he said.	他说，这种事情总是掌握在普罗维登斯手中。	2
Such work stirs mixed emotions in the gay community.	这种工作在同性恋群体中引起了复杂的情绪。	1
Suddenly I remembered the blood and the sinking feeling in my chest as the gun fell from my hand.	突然，我想起了枪口从我手上摔下来的时候，我的胸部有血和下沉的感觉。	2
Suddenly it became possible, using an incredibly sneaky trick, to pull the nav bar from the bottom of the source and use it horizontally in the header and still allow for text resizing.	突然间，使用一个令人难以置信的小窍门，从源代码底部拉导航栏，并在标题中水平使用它，同时仍允许调整文本大小。	2
Suddenly she feels a soft pressure on the back of her calves and she quickly pulls her hand away.	突然她在小腿背面感觉到一种软的压力，她很快就把手拉走了。	1
Suddenly the front door opened and a very familiar voice spoke.	突然前门打开了，一个非常熟悉的声音说话。	1
Sugars from this corn are used to make ethanol.	这种玉米的糖用于制造乙醇。	1
Suggestions for addressing academic issues: Techniques specifically addressing academic issues are available to help children with AS.	关于解决学术问题的建议：专门解决学术问题的技术可用于帮助儿童接受 AS 。	0
Suitable agents may include but are not limited to those which increase the viscosity of the injected water or chemically react with the shales or mudstones to hasten their disagregation.	适当的制剂可包括但不限于那些增加注入水粘度或与灌木或泥石相化学反应以加速其分离的制剂。	1
Suitable for Home carers and residential and nursing home staff.	适合家居护理人员，住宿和护理人员。	0
Suit and Artist Inc - United States Social Media Engagement and Online Promotion.	Suit and Artist Inc - 美国社交媒体参与和在线推广。	0
Suit christian louboutin homme shapes change as the designers are continuously coming up sufficient reason for something new or it may be renewing traditional variations into different modes again.	随着设计师不断提出新东西的充分理由，或者可能会将传统的变体重新更新为不同的模式， " 适合 Christian Louboutin homme" 的形状也会发生变化。	2
Summary: Government investigating Internet companies' India offices for alleged violations of foreign exchange rules when transferring funds to and from country, according to a report.	摘要：据一份报告称，政府正在调查互联网公司印度办事处涉嫌在向国外转移资金时违反外汇规则的行为。	0
Summer Yukon Solitaire , this amazing solitaire combination game will never let you get bored in your lonely hours.	夏季育空索利泰，这场令人惊叹的索利泰组合游戏将让您在孤单的时间里永远不会感到无聊。	1
Sunday night also provides dependability in the midst of chaotic and busy schedules.	周日晚上在混乱繁忙的日程中也提供了可靠的服务。	1
Sunday resurrection is just another way to keep a pagan custom that people got attached too!!	周日复活只是保持人们所依附于的一种异教徒习俗的另一种方式！！	2
Sunlight and Warmth to Any Cold Space Wherever and whenever you need it!	无论何时何地，无论您需要，都可以在任何寒冷的空间中享受阳光和温暖！	1
Sunlover will fly you from the City of Cairns and along the rainforest coastline, before soaring over tropical Fitzroy Island and fringing reef.	阳光爱好者将从凯恩斯市（ Cairns ）出发，沿着雨林海岸线飞行，然后飞越热带的菲茨罗伊岛（ Fitzroy Island ）和蜿蜒的礁石。	0
Sun Tzu maintains that these key concepts are vital to victory; one must study and master them during peacetime; and it will be too late to consult experts (books or specialists) when grave occasions arise.	孙子认为，这些关键概念对胜利至关重要；人们必须在和平时期学习和掌握这些概念；在发生严重事件时，咨询专家（书籍或专家）也为时过晚。	1
Superconductors are substances that conduct electricity without losses when cooled down to very low temperatures.	超导体是在冷却至极低温度时导电而不会损失的物质。	1
Superior web and claims processing technology provides faster service and easier access to accurate information.	卓越的 Web 和索赔处理技术可提供更快的服务并更轻松地访问准确的信息。	0
Super snug fit and made of excellent leather.	超级贴合，由出色的皮革制成。	0
Supply a schedule by account and depreciable group showing the survivor curve and annual accrual rate estimated to be appropriate: a.	提供一份按账户和可折旧群体分列的时间表，其中显示幸存者曲线和估计适当的年应计率： a.	0
Supported in this cheat code ds nintendo sims2 beethoven life music ds pet sims2 ultra sound tech.	支持这种假码 DS Nintendo sims2 Beethoven life music DS pet sims2 ultra sound 技术。	2
Supported message parts are those parts of a message which can be sent and received over a particular communication channel.	支持的消息部分是可以通过特定通信通道发送和接收的消息部分。	0
Supporters of the court decision point to the discipline and respect it will foster in our schools.	法院裁决的支持者指出了这一纪律，并将在我们的学校中培养这一纪律。	1
Support Lars Hedegaard and Freedom of expression, get a subscription on Dispatch International.	支持 Lars Hedegaard 和言论自由，获得 Dispatch International 的订阅。	2
Sure enough, on the first page, there was a picture of his old self, and a new picture of him that was taken at a time unknown to Harry.	当然，在第一页上，有一张他自己的老照片，还有一张他的新照片，这张照片是在哈里不知道的时候拍摄的。	1
Sure, he still loved her, but they had both agreed that it would be better for Henry not to have to grow up seeing them arguing constantly.	当然，他仍然爱她，但他们都同意，亨利不必长大，看着他们不断地争论，这样做会更好。	1
Sure it would cut a few days from his trip, but going up hill for a day straight was hell.	当然，他的旅程会缩短几天，但直上山一整天是地狱。	1
Surely this Inuyasha does not deserve to be in her company.	当然，这家 Inuyasha 不应该在她的公司工作。	2
Surely, to boost speed to play soccer nicely is incredibly unquestionably not precisely the identical as establishing speed, for example, for a track and field race.	当然，提高速度以出色地踢足球无疑与设定速度并不完全相同，例如在田径比赛中。	2
Surface watering leaches salts out of the top layers of the soil because the water moves downward.	由于水向下移动，表面浇水会将盐从土壤的顶层渗出。	0
Surin has established a great track record for doing that.	苏林在这方面创下了良好的记录。	0
Surprised, she crawled a bit closer to the thin opening and peered outside.	令人惊讶的是，她走得离瘦开口更近一点，然后在外面看了看。	1
Survey of the Oregon High School Graduating Class of 1999.	1999 年俄勒冈州高中毕业班调查。	0
Survivors who enroll in STAR are seen at least annually and treated or directed to the appropriate specialists according to the COG clinical guidelines, Kinahan said.	Kinahan 表示，至少每年都有登记入 STAR 的幸存者接受治疗或指导，并根据 COG 临床指南进行相应的专家治疗。	2
Sustainable forest management involves the use of both active management strategies (sound silviculture) and passive management techniques when appropriate.	可持续森林管理包括酌情使用积极的管理战略 ( 健全的造林 ) 和被动的管理技术。	0
Suzie does her utmost to persuade Elsie to allow her to move in with her but to no avail.	Suzie 尽最大努力说服 Elsie 允许她与她一起搬进去，但毫无结果。	0
Suzy offers dog training sessions right over the phone.	Suzy 通过电话提供狗训练课程。	0
Swapping characters was very useful and helped with a lot of the levels.	交换字符非常有用，并在许多级别上有所帮助。	0
Sweat was dripping down my brow and my muscles felt tired from our sparing session.	我的额头上滴着汗水，我的肌肉在我们的备用训练中感到疲倦。	1
Sweden had more then a minor role considering that once Russia began to weaken after Zorndorf Sweden was able to hold the northern front.	考虑到在佐恩多夫（ Zorndorf ）瑞典能够保持北方阵线后，俄罗斯开始减弱，瑞典的作用就变得微不足道了。	2
Sweeney threw aside the razor and swept Nellie against the wall.	瑞恩尼将剃刀抛在一边，把尼利放在墙上。	2
Swivel cord · Create silky shiny hair instantly chi is great dont know why i waited so long to finally purchase one of these!	旋转线 · 立即制作丝光发，这很棒，不知道为什么我等了这么久才买了一个！	1
Sylacauga Chamber of Commerce - Our boycott will put you out of business.	Sylacauga 商会 - 我们的抵制将使您停止业务。	1
Symptoms occur when a cyst becomes infected or it gets large enough to place pressure on other structures.	当囊肿被感染或变得足够大，足以对其他结构施加压力时，就会出现症状。	1
Synopsis: after 4 years since Dib first began his fight against Zim and became a paranormal investigator, he discovers the most shocking thing yet, he and Gaz are part monster!	提要： Dib 自开始与 Zim 的战斗并成为一名偏执调查者以来 4 年后，他发现了最令人震惊的事情，他和 Gaz 是其中的一员！	2
Synopsis When a Naval cruiser sinks in mysterious circumstances in the North Sea all aboard are lost.	一艘海军巡洋舰在海上神秘的情况下沉没时的概要。	2
Syria appears to accept a multinational security presence designed to monitor implementation of the peace agreement provided countries other than the US lead the effort.	叙利亚似乎接受一个多国安全存在，其目的是监测和平协定的执行情况，条件是除美国以外的国家必须带头。	1
Table 2 summarizes efficiency measurements for several membranes equilibrated at various temperatures and tested under various conditions, and shows that the Faradaic efficiencies for Membranes F and G (equilibrated in water at 100.degree.	表 2 总结了在不同温度下平衡并在不同条件下测试的多个膜片的效率测量结果，并显示出 F 和 G 膜片的法拉代效率（在 100.degree 的水中平衡）。	0
Tables will be setup for those that RSVP by the due date.	将在到期日之前为 RSVP 设置表。	0
Tags: Dental Team Employment opportunities All Jobs Provider Jobs Contact Us Click here to contact us!	标签：牙科团队就业机会所有工作提供者工作联系我们点击此处联系我们！	1
Tailbone is approved to have a tonsillectomy in trusting avf, though it is unfortunately caused to be done in intellectual patients as cancer and bowel drug.	虽然不幸的是，尾骨被批准在相信 aVF 的情况下进行了舌下切除术，但这种切除术会在智力患者中作为癌症和肠道药物进行。	2
Taiwan propped up an arm on the table and rested her head on her hand.	台湾在桌子上伸出手臂，把头放在手上。	1
Tai was always the one to jump into things, head on without a care.	Tai 总是一个可以跳进事物的人，不需要小心地向前看。	2
Take a look in the Presentation Profile section of the website.	查看网站的 " 演示文稿配置文件 " 部分。	0
Take a picture of it and try the parts guy at Ford.	拍一张照片，试试福特的零部件小伙。	2
Take a pot and put peroxide and cold water in it.	拿一个锅，放入一个过氧化物和冷水。	1
Take free runs but keep checking in at the top of your race course so you are on time for your first and second runs.	进行免费跑步，但请继续检查比赛路线的顶部，以便您按时完成第一和第二次跑步。	1
Take Home Points Primary care providers and patients often communicate with one another by telephone.	取家点初级护理提供者和患者通常通过电话相互通信。	1
Take into consideration your current alcoholic beverages use, on earth do you frequently emulate this secure degree of items.	考虑到您目前使用的酒精饮料，您在地球上是否经常模仿这种安全程度的商品。	1
Take your time and find a realtor you enjoy and trust.	花点时间找一个你喜欢和信任的房地产经纪人。	0
Taking a deep breath is the one that resonates most with me.	深呼吸是最能引起我共鸣的一种。	0
Taking a deep breath she looks up and smiles at Louis.	她深呼吸地望着路易，微笑着。	0
Taking a fresh look at the Bard an his place in the movies, Shakespeare, The Movie includes a selection of what is presently available in filmic format to the Shakespeare student or scholar, ranging across BBC ...	在电影《莎士比亚》中，这部电影重新审视了《 Bard An His Place 》，其中包括莎士比亚学生或学者目前以电影格式提供的一系列内容，涵盖了英国广播公司。	2
Taking her need to protect the civilians and instead of giving her determination, forced her to drop her guns.	出于保护平民的需要，而不是给予她决心，迫使她放下枪。	1
Taking in a deep breath he used Shunpo to come close to Aizen.	他深呼吸地使用顺波接近改善。	2
Taking the time to prioritize important factors will help when searching for the perfect lot to build.	花时间确定重要因素的优先级将有助于搜索要构建的完美批次。	2
Tales of the men and women who sailed tall ships on all seven seas during the 19th century.	19 世纪在所有七个海洋上航行的男女故事。	1
Talk about a love hate relationship with Remus and Sirius lol.	与 Remus 和 Sirius 谈论爱情仇恨关系，哈哈。	1
Talking the Walk I must confess that I think churches talk more than they help.	我必须承认，我认为教会的演讲比他们的帮助要多。	1
Talk to you soon and will send you a clearer photo.	马上与您交谈，将给您发送更清晰的照片。	1
Tallwood is a really nice walk in the park and I'd personally like to keep it that way as I'm sure all of you would.	塔林是一个在公园里散步的好地方，我个人想保持这种方式，我相信你们所有人都会这样做。	1
Tanking segment to a video series showing how to relate gaming to paintball.	在视频系列中展示如何将游戏与彩弹相结合。	0
Tapestries are of many different types and chenille tapestries is one of them.	挂毯有许多不同的类型，而 chenille 挂毯则是其中之一。	0
TAP TAP TAPAROO Happy Feet is a family movie fun for kids of all ages.	轻触 Tap TAPAROO Happy F英尺 是适合所有年龄段儿童的家庭电影乐趣。	2
Target countersued MRO alleging that it was entitled to recover its attorneys fees, expenses and costs incurred in defending itself.	目标反诉 MRO ，声称它有权收回为自己辩护而支付的律师费，费用和成本。	1
Tarou shook his head and hoped that in the process he could shake off the blush.	塔鲁摇头，希望在这一过程中能够摆脱这种泥沙。	0
Tarrant was at his side immediately, helping him up while Thackery, having now been given a viable reason to be wound up, was barreling around in the background, books once again a fly.	塔兰特立刻站在他一边，帮助他，而塔克里现在被给予了一个可行的理由去结束他的工作，在背景下他正在四处走动，书籍再次成为一个苍蝇。	2
Tashkent, the famous Central Asian city has been existing for over two thousand years at the border of agricultural oases of Central Asia and vast Eurasian steppes.	著名的中亚城市塔什干已经在中亚的农业绿洲和巨大的欧亚草原边界上存在了两千多年。	0
Tasmania Accommodation provides listings of a wide range of accommodation in the Tasmania area, and also focuses on showing the attractions of the area.	Tasmania Accommodation 提供塔斯马尼亚（ Tasmania ）地区各种住宿的列表，还重点介绍该地区的景点。	1
TATAR falsely told the interviewing officers that he was not a part of the plot to attack Fort Dix and did not know any of the parties that may be involved.	鞑靼人错误地告诉采访官员，他不是攻击迪克斯堡的阴谋的一部分，也不知道可能涉及的任何一方。	2
Tatsumi and Terazuma stood off to the side with odd expressions on their faces.	Tatsumi 和 Terazuma 两人的脸上露出了奇怪的表情。	0
Taurus grounds the Aries energy with earth and wood.	Taurus 用地球和木材来为 Aries 能源提供基础。	0
Taxes are due beginning October 1 and are delinquent after the following January 31.	从 10 月 1 日开始，税金将在 1 月 31 日以后到期。	1
Taylor Saxen contributed 17 set assists for MCW, while Maggie Prunty and Paige Breneman added four kills each.	泰勒 · 萨克森为 MCW 提供了 17 次整套助攻，而 Maggie Prunty 和 Paige Breneman 则每人增加了 4 次助攻。	2
Taylor was tapping her fingers against the wooden rails on the chairs.	泰勒正在用手指敲击椅子上的木栏杆。	0
TCA appears to be handling it very well.	TCA 似乎处理得很好。	0
TCD information is limited to flow dynamics and does not provide any imaging to determine pathology of an intracranial vasoocclusive lesion.	TCD 信息仅限于流动动态，不提供任何成像来确定颅内血管阻塞病变的病理。	0
TCP provides a mechanism for reliable transport over an unreliable network.	TCP 提供了一种通过不可靠网络进行可靠传输的机制。	0
Teachers and parents want to be known for doing a job well.	教师和家长希望因工作做得好而闻名。	0
Teachers create learning outcomes at the start of a class and usually list them in the syllabus or with the timeline for the course.	教师在课程开始时创建学习成果，通常会将其列入教学大纲或课程时间表。	1
Teachers had no input into these decisions, and he threatened to fire the committee who politely protested these changes.	教师对这些决定没有意见，他威胁要解雇委员会，后者礼貌地抗议这些变化。	1
Teacher should ask students if there is any connection between the number of textile mills closing in town and the sources of the students' clothes.	教师应该问学生，城里关闭的纺织工厂数量与学生衣服的来源之间是否有任何联系。	2
Teachers of the GNDEC stage dharna in Ludhiana on Monday.	周一，卢迪亚纳的 GNDEC 舞台教师。	2
Team idemise privacy policy of the quests in a week from 1 to read documents or data and play with strict deadlines.	团队在 1 周内完成任务的隐私政策，以阅读文档或数据，并在严格的截止日期内完成任务。	1
Tears again started to come back to my eyes.	眼泪又回到了我的眼睛。	0
Tears filled her eyes and spilled over, dampening her hair and the pillow.	眼泪填满了她的眼睛，溅起了她的头发和枕头，使她的头发和枕头都湿了。	1
Tears filled my eyes during our act of passion, but it was not of pain, it was of pure happiness.	在我们的激情行动中，眼泪填满了我的眼睛，但这不是痛苦，而是纯粹的幸福。	1
Tea thought being nominated for senior class president meant she had a future in politics.	TEA 认为被提名为高级总统意味着她在政治上有了未来。	0
Tebow is fine, except now he gets to fly in a private leer jet to Lexington a little later, gets a nice limo to the hotel and avoids the BS of flying with the team.	Tebow 很好，除了现在他乘坐私人飞艇到列克星敦，得到一个很好的豪华轿车到酒店，避免了与团队一起飞行。	2
Technically, there is no way to keep your personal information out of the JAMRS database.	从技术上讲，无法将您的个人信息保留在 JAMRS 数据库之外。	2
Technology and character traits that were impossible but I could make them happen.	技术和性格特征是不可能的，但我可以做到。	1
Technology that is easy to use, intuitive in nature, and not the focus of the learning experience.	易于使用的技术，直观的本质，而不是学习体验的焦点。	2
Tecumseh was a very wise and intelligent leader of all our people.	Tecumseh 是我们全体员工的明智和明智的领导者。	2
Ted Kennedy was the first heavy to say that Obama would be okay from Day One and here was his first major appearance saying that.	TED 肯尼迪是第一个说奥巴马从第一天起就会好的人，这是他第一次在这里说这一点。	2
Tee features an oversized black embroidered brand crest on the front as well as a black '14' and a Brazilian badge.	T 恤正面有一个超大的黑色刺绣品牌徽章以及一个黑色的 '14' 和一个巴西徽章。	0
Teens can have problems managing money as well.	青少年也可能在管理资金方面遇到问题。	0
Tee off at our beautiful public golf courses, or enjoy hiking and horseback riding along Watchung Reservation trails.	在我们美丽的公共高尔夫球场放松一下，或者沿 Watchung 预订小径徒步旅行和骑马。	2
Teeth need to be brushed thoroughly The crazy thing is plaque can be kept under control.	牙齿需要彻底刷牙。疯狂的是牙菌斑可以保持在控制之下。	2
Telecommunications Act appropriates funds to connect all schools to the Internet.	《电信法》拨款将所有学校连接到互联网。	1
Telecommunications legislation sought by phone companies wanting into the television business is on the way to the governor.	希望加入电视业务的电话公司所寻求的电信立法正在向州长提出。	1
Telecommunications providers are currently offering tailored SMS solutions and campaigns to large organisations.	电信提供商目前正在为大型组织提供量身定制的 SMS 解决方案和活动。	0
Telemarketing - You receive a call offering a great deal on a product but have to act now to get the benefit.	电话营销 - 您收到一个电话，提供大量产品优惠，但现在必须采取行动以获得优惠。	2
Telephone consultation, arranged meetings between student, agency worker or therapist and guidance counselor to discuss current student issues and progress.	电话咨询，安排学生，机构工作者或治疗师和指导顾问之间的会议，讨论当前的学生问题和进展。	1
Tell me how many other companies out there have the kahunas to do that?	请告诉我，还有多少其他公司可以这样做？	1
Tell me what you think and if you would like to see that story come to life!	请告诉我您的想法以及您是否希望看到这一故事的生动出现！	1
Tell them not to send anymore with you or I'll be sure to disappear.	告诉他们不要再向您发送邮件，否则我一定会消失。	0
Tell us why you want to know what time it is in East Charleston.	请告诉我们您为什么想要知道它在东查尔斯顿的时间。	1
Temples in Rome and church buildings in the middle ages were regarded as the subject of legal rights.	罗马的寺庙和中世纪的教堂建筑被视为合法权利的主体。	0
Tenant shall furnish Landlord with certificates showing the existence of said insurance prior to possession by Tenant.	租户须在租户拥有该保险前向业主提供证明该保险存在的证明书。	0
Ten specimen signatures of each authorised signatory should be provided on a form F280 and on the white labels provided by the Corporation.	每一授权签字人的十份签名样本应在 F280 表格和公司提供的白色标签上提供。	1
Term used in match play, meaning that both competitors have won the same number of holes.	在比赛中使用的术语，意味着两个竞争对手都赢得了相同数量的球洞。	1
Terrestrial plants may be grown with their root Root In vascular plants, the root is the organ of a plant that typically lies below the surface of the soil.	地面植物可以在血管植物中生长根根部，根部是通常位于土壤表面下方的植物的器官。	1
Territory Mangers are responsible for a major territory spend the majority of their time in the field developing relationships with their team through sales meetings, moral and recognition events as well as ongoing training opportunities.	地区管理人员负责主要地区的大部分时间花在现场，通过销售会议，道德和认可活动以及持续培训机会发展与团队的关系。	2
Terrsa breathes heavy, clutching her axe she stomps towards Caius and someone in the shadows.	Terrsa 呼吸沉重，把她的斧头紧紧抓住，向 Caius 和影子里的人进了口。	2
Tesco claim that the section of the proposed building adjacent to the mill has been lowered.	Tesco 称，建议的靠近磨坊的建筑部分已被降下。	2
Tesla is NOT asking for a loan to build the Roadster.	特斯拉不是在要求贷款来建造 Roadster 。	0
Testimonials Russell Leighman, AL, USA I tried Xenical and it not only improved my confidence but also kept my energy levels high throughout the day without any side effects.	嘉奖 Russell Leighman, Al, USA 我试过 Xenical ，它不仅提高了我的信心，而且在一整天都保持了我的高能量水平，没有任何副作用。	1
Testing utilizes a number of dynamics such as logic and induction.	测试利用了许多动态，如逻辑和感应。	2
Thalia would turn sixteen the next day, and who knows what would happen when she did turn sixteen.	第二天，塔利亚将十六岁，谁知道她十六岁时会发生什么。	1
Thankfully he sang too low and fast for the humans to hear anything, or I think nothing would have stopped my dad.	谢天谢地，他唱得太低了，速度太快了，人类听不到任何东西，或者我认为没有什么东西能阻止我的父亲。	2
Thankfully he was able to do that and landed safely a few minutes later, to massive relief and applause.	幸亏他能够做到这一点，几分钟后安全着陆，得到了巨大的安慰和掌声。	1
Thankfully, however, savvy facilities owners allow us new solutions to actually generate more income on the summer months than they do throughout the other months of the year.	但是，幸运的是，精明的设施所有者允许我们在夏季采用新的解决方案，比在一年中的其他月份实际创造更多收入。	1
Thank god I'm on my own right now as I have no composure left after reading this.	感谢上帝，我现在就在我自己的右边，因为我读了这篇文章后没有沉稳的感觉。	2
Thanks a lot for your concern together with initiatives!	非常感谢您的关注和计划！	1
Thanks and praise be Yours, in the mighty name of Jesus Christ.	以耶稣基督的大名感谢和赞美你。	0
Thanks for all the help and direction I received.	感谢我所得到的所有帮助和指导。	1
Thanks for all the reviews I have had so far.	感谢我迄今为止所做的所有评论。	2
Thanks for checking in and hopefully we will have a very good update next week after the race.	感谢您的登记入住，希望我们在比赛后的下周能有一个很好的更新。	2
Thanks for not pulling this story, deleting your account, and for not moving out of the country.	感谢您不要拉这个故事，删除您的账户，也感谢您不离开该国。	2
Thanks for the opportunity to win one pair.	感谢您有机会赢得一对。	1
Thanks for the welcome and I will stay updated with future activities through this group.	感谢您的欢迎，我将通过这个小组了解最新的活动。	0
Thanks Geri for your nice comment on my profile picture.	感谢 Geri 对我的个人资料图片的好评论。	1
Thanks, I've recently been searching for information about this topic for a long time and yours is the greatest I've found out till now.	谢谢，我最近搜索有关此主题的信息已有很长时间，而您的信息是迄今为止我发现的最棒的。	0
Thanks Jester, not like I squeeze into a leather bustier everyday and it was not easy locating a pink unicorn.	谢谢海丝特，不像我每天都挤在皮革织物上，很难找到粉色的独角兽。	1
Thanks to all the local businesses for their support.	感谢所有当地企业的支持。	1
Thanks to all those who set this up!	感谢所有的设置人员！	1
Thanks to everyone that reviewed and kept with me til the end. Special shout out to bellahickenbottom for giving me an idea for a sequel.	感谢每一位审查并一直陪着我到最后的人。特别要向行李员赫肯底表示感谢，因为他给了我一个关于续集的想法。	2
Thanks to Patricia Grana for a great program.	感谢帕特里夏 · 格兰纳的出色计划。	0
Thanks to the Israeli offensive of last year, there are hundreds of demolished in Gaza with that comes a great deal of scrap metal.	由于以色列去年的进攻，加沙有数百人被拆毁，大量的废金属也被拆除。	2
Thanks to the mild and favorable weather conditions, Ducati engineers were able to perform tests on setup and electronics, and to gather important information.	由于气候温和而有利， Ducati 工程师能够对设置和电子设备进行测试，并收集重要信息。	0
Thanks to two hours of time change it is still afternoon there.	由于两个小时的时间变化，现在仍然是下午。	2
Thank the Universe that there are many vegetarians and vegans on our staff who are active examples of health and fun for the kids to interact with.	感谢宇宙，我们的工作人员中有许多素食主义者和素食者，他们是健康和乐趣的积极例子，孩子们可以与他们互动。	1
Thank you both again for the amazing flow of energy I got from our connection together.	再次感谢你们两位通过我们的联系获得的惊人的能量流。	2
Thank you for helping to create this website.	感谢您帮助创建此网站。	0
Thank you for showing me what I did wrong so I could change the story for the better.	感谢您向我展示我的错误，以便我可以更好地改变故事。	1
Thank you for the dedication of your pome to this piece on TPS.	感谢您的小心地致力于 TPS 上的这一作品。	1
Thank you for the invite, I am looking forward to meeting everyone and learning about stocks and trades.	感谢您的邀请，我期待与每个人会面，了解股票和交易。	1
Thank you for your interest in Leicester City Football Club Video Case Study.	感谢您对莱斯特市足球俱乐部视频案例研究的关注。	1
Thank you for your time but I'm afraid that I will not be able to bring myself to read anything more than these two chapters of your work.	感谢您抽出宝贵的时间，但我恐怕我无法让自己阅读您工作的这两个章节以外的内容。	1
Thank you I am privileged to read your thoughts.	谢谢，我有幸阅读了您的想法。	0
Thank you in advance Master troll lawyer Only once you can miss the chance to become the holder of the light....	在你错过了成为灯具持有者的机会之后，提前感谢大师级的律师。。。。。	2
Thank you so much for opportunity to use your materials to further my own and others education.	非常感谢您有机会利用您的材料来推进我和他人的教育。	2
Thank you so much for this awesome story and for the new update!	非常感谢您的精彩故事和新的更新！	1
Thank you so much for this weekend, it was more perfect than we could have ever imagined.	非常感谢您的周末，它比我们想象的更完美。	1
Thank you so much to everybody who came today!	非常感谢今天来的所有人！	0
Thank you strategic defaulters… go pick up a vacation condo in Miami or Las Vegas for $25k.	感谢战略违约者… 花 25 万美元在迈阿密或拉斯维加斯找一个度假公寓。	2
Thank you to all of you in local government who work so very hard for so very little.	感谢所有在地方政府工作的人，他们努力工作，但工作却很少。	2
Thank you to everyone for sticking with this trilogy ... hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.	感谢大家坚持这部三部曲……希望你们能像我喜欢写的那样享受阅读。	1
Thank you to everyone who has been involved in fundraising, through organizing and supporting events.	感谢通过组织和支持活动参与筹款活动的所有人。	0
Thank you to the group that read and asked questions regularly in their reviews.	感谢在评论中定期阅读和提问的小组成员。	0
Than the next day after he is at work, I would go and get his secret HDD ans check if there are new movies downloaded last night.	在他上班的第二天，我会去找他的秘密硬盘检查昨晚是否有新的电影下载。	1
That ace was even recorded on video by disc golf videographer Johnny B. Anyway, I stepped up to the tee at Hole 13 fresh off a bogey at the difficult 12th hole.	这是一个唱片，甚至是由飞盘高尔夫视频摄影师约翰尼 · B 录制的。不管怎样，我在第 12 洞的第 13 号洞，从一个柏忌中飞出了一个新球。	2
That actually was the reason Peter had brought Neal here instead of taking him home.	这就是彼得把尼尔带到这里而不是把他带回家的原因。	0
That all depends on the accent pillows you select or perhaps the area rug if you want one.	这一切取决于你选择的口音枕头，或者如果你想要一个区域地毯。	2
That all questionnaires have an equal opportunities monitoring form built into them so that we can monitor the profile of those responding to surveys.	所有问卷都有一个内置的平等机会监控表，以便我们可以监控对调查做出回应的人的概况。	0
That also must have been a pretty awkward dinner.	这也肯定是一顿相当尴尬的晚餐。	1
That and Ran carving a pumpkin with his katana.	然后用他的卡塔纳雕刻一个南瓜。	2
That being said lets you know I have no other whip to compare it too.	这让你知道，我没有其他什么可以比较的。	1
That black one you got night be a little long tho.	你晚上得到的那个黑色的那个，虽然有点长。	2
That change has not been a problem until this most recent inaugural.	这一变化直到最近的就职典礼才是一个问题。	0
That conclusion would be false if the warning was suppressed for reasons other than the corrective action.	如果警告因纠正措施以外的原因而被禁止，那么这一结论是错误的。	1
That coward has decided to run away again!	那名牛仔决定再次跑走！	2
That creates the risk for bigger price swings, said Stephen Carl, principal and head of equity trading at The Williams Capital Group.	威廉姆斯资本集团公司的负责人兼股票交易负责人斯蒂芬 · 卡尔说，这会造成更大的价格波动风险。	0
That decision should be made after consulting with a physician.	这一决定应在咨询医生后作出。	0
That does not mean that architects do not gain reputations for specializing in certain areas; they most certainly do.	这并不意味着建筑师不会因在某些领域的专业而获得声誉；他们当然会这样做。	1
That does not prove that more sleep would be good for them, any more than extra junk food.	这并不能证明睡眠质量对他们来说是好的，而不仅仅是额外的垃圾食品。	2
That elicited a small round of chuckles in the courtroom and Williams cleared his throat loudly to quell it.	这在审判室中引起了一小圈的卡头，威廉姆斯大声地把他的喉咙关了起来。	2
That extends both the long arm of the law and the hand of compassion, to match the global reach of the drug problem.	这既延伸了法律的长臂，也延伸了同情的手，以适应毒品问题的全球影响。	1
That fear held no council in their soul.	这种恐惧在他们的灵魂上没有任何理事会。	2
That feature of Copernican astronomy entails the transformation of geocentric mathematical models to heliocentric ones by the reversal of the vector connecting the sun to the earth, while leaving the rest of the mathematical models intact.	哥白尼天文学的这一特征意味着通过将太阳与地球连接的矢量的反向，将地理中心数学模型转换为太阳中心数学模型，同时使其余数学模型保持完整。	1
That feeling was different than the ones he got from successful command decisions.	这种感觉不同于他从成功的指挥决策中获得的感受。	0
That first album had been recorded in front of a wildly excited audience that gave the record an additional kick.	第一张专辑是在一个激动人心的观众面前录制的，这给了这一唱片一个额外的踢脚。	1
That gave them the idea for the most entertaining and most humiliating punishment ever devised.	这让他们想到了有史以来最令人愉快和最有辱人格的惩罚。	1
That happens especially when he laughs, Ron has noticed, so he tries to make Harry laugh as much as he can.	罗恩注意到，当他笑的时候，这种情况尤其如此，所以他尽量让哈里笑。	1
That has been what keeps her interested in it.	这就是她对这一问题的兴趣所在。	0
That in itself is a lesson learned for them which they probably do not know yet.	这本身就是他们所吸取的教训，他们可能还不知道。	0
That in turn can effect how as humans, our bodies interact with that substance.	这反过来又会影响我们作为人类的身体与这种物质的相互作用。	0
That in turn would free up capacity on the existing rail network to allow greatly improved freight capacity, passenger service timetabling and speed on existing routes.	这反过来又会腾出现有铁路网络的容量，从而大大改善现有铁路的货运能力，乘客服务时间表和速度。	1
That is also true in countries and cultures where racial makeup is far less diverse.	在种族构成差异不大的国家和文化中也是如此。	0
That is an example of trying to reuse his resources.	这是试图重复利用他的资源的一个例子。	1
That is, a plaintiff could not recover damages for injuries caused by the negligence of another if his own carelessness or negligence contributed in any way to his injuries.	即，如果原告自己的疏忽或疏忽以任何方式造成了他人的伤害，他就无法就他人的疏忽所造成的伤害赔偿损害。	2
That is certainly how on the internet exchanging small cap stocks can be carried out successfully.	这当然是在互联网上成功交换小容量股票的方法。	0
That is far from the reality of employment in Ireland today.	这与爱尔兰今天的就业现实相去甚远。	0
That is how concentrated the energy is in coal, and how dilute it is in sunshine.	这就是能源在煤炭中的集中程度，以及它在阳光下的稀释程度。	1
That is like asking jack the riper to protect women in the night.	这就像让骑手杰克在夜间保护妇女一样。	2
That is not an easy climb, they return with more respect for this mountain, but the view is exceptional and I see them taking a brake on a high clif.	这不是一个轻松的攀登，他们返回时更加尊重这座山，但景色是独特的，我看到他们在高脚上刹车。	2
That is no time for tighter monetary conditions.	现在不是货币紧缩的时候了。	0
That is one of the areas where we really need to do research right now; how people understand the limitations that were described.	这是我们现在真正需要进行研究的领域之一；人们如何理解所描述的局限性。	0
That is something you must think about again, and to the degree that you are not qualified to say this you should repent.	这是你必须再次思考的事情，只要你没有资格说这话，你就应该悔改。	0
That is the kind of legalism I wrote about earlier.	这就是我之前写过的那种法律主义。	0
That is the way of life he showed me and Esme and Rosalie and Emmett.	这就是他向我和埃斯梅，罗莎莉和艾米特展示的生活方式。	0
That is they alert the parent with a beep or a vibration when a loud noise is put into the microphone at one end of the device.	这就是当设备一端的麦克风发出较大的噪音时，它们会发出蜂鸣声或振动来提醒家长。	1
That is, what is in an international sense the meaning of the word honor.	这就是说，从国际意义上讲，荣誉一词的含义是什么。	1
That is what made them a popular choice for home equity loan applicants.	这就是为什么他们成为住宅产权贷款申请人的热门选择。	1
That is when it dawns on the proles what this really means.	这就是它在道具上产生这真正意味着什么。	2
That is why as I reside here I have sleepless nights because I have this fear of intruders coming in and attacking the kids.	这就是为什么当我住在这里的时候，我有一个失眠之夜，因为我有一种对入侵者进入和攻击孩子的恐惧。	1
That is why I am such an advocate of a system and tools.	这就是为什么我如此主张一个制度和工具。	1
That is why, it is needed to perform any of the meditation workouts on normal basis.	因此，需要正常进行任何冥想训练。	1
That is why my first lessons were on meditation, and why my childhood was so amazing.	这就是为什么我的第一课是关于冥想，为什么我的童年如此惊人。	1
That is why, nearly all brokerage companies now providing its customers or prospects with demo trading account so they can attempt to trade the marketplace, or test their new trading methods on this demo account.	因此，几乎所有经纪公司现在都向其客户或潜在客户提供了演示交易账户，以便他们可以尝试在市场上进行交易，或者在这一演示账户上测试他们的新交易方法。	2
That is why Paul talks about pressing on in his journey of faith.	这就是为什么保罗说要在他的信仰之旅中坚持。	1
That is why Silverfast has this Negafix module which allows you to select your film type, tweak it, and then it adjusts the scanned data accordingly in the process of converting it from negative to positive.	这就是为什么 SilverFast 拥有此 Negafix 模块，该模块允许您选择胶片类型，调整胶片类型，然后在将扫描数据从负转换为正的过程中相应地调整扫描数据。	0
That is why the time is sent ahead one hour in the spring for Flourtown, and falls back one hour in the fall for Flourtown.	这就是为什么春天的时间提前一个小时到达弗洛伦斯镇，秋天又回到了一个小时到达弗洛伦斯镇。	2
That is why we are increasingly talking about determinants.	这就是为什么我们越来越多地谈论决定因素。	0
That is why you can say that it is entirely possible for God to regenerate an infant or small child unto salvation.	这就是为什么你可以说神完全有可能使一个婴儿或一个小孩子重生到拯救。	2
That it included delicious pastries was just a welcome bonus.	包括美味的糕点只是一个欢迎的奖励。	2
That it was a great adventure is beyond question.	这是一次伟大的冒险是不容置疑的。	1
That leaves residential construction in the dumps for a long time.	这使得在垃圾场的住宅建筑工程长期存在。	0
That lets you perform a site search directly from the address bar by typing a URL, then the tab key, then search terms.	这使您可以通过键入 URL ， Tab 键，然后搜索词，直接从地址栏执行网站搜索。	1
That means hours of retouching in an age when dirt and scratches are simply not tolerated.	这意味着在一个完全不能容忍污垢和划痕的时代，需要数小时的修整。	1
That means no law enforcement agency in the state will investigates what I feel to be true.	这意味着国家的任何执法机构都不会调查我认为真实的情况。	0
That means that you can handle undersized plywood without using shims.	这意味着您可以在不使用垫片的情况下处理尺寸不足的胶合板。	0
That means that you can indicate one of the kirkand clinic players of this electrician site.	这意味着您可以指明该电工站点的一名 kirkand 诊所球员。	1
That nasty girl will probably grow up to be a bitchy woman.	这位讨厌的女孩可能会长大成为一个痛苦的女人。	1
That night the boy was still in the wardrobe when the father began to make love to the mother.	那天晚上，当父亲开始爱母亲的时候，那个男孩仍然在衣柜里。	2
That page is not available at the moment.	该页面目前不可用。	0
That place needs to be CLEANED up first before that idea would fly in Woodbine. and yes I agree it is political with the 2 new council in Woodbine.	这个地方需要先清理一下，然后才会在伍德拜恩（ Woodbine ）飞翔。是的，我同意这是在伍德拜恩（ Woodbine ）的两个新议会的政治观点。	2
That project will be funded by a Clean Ohio Revitalization Fund Grant and the Community Development Block Grant program.	该项目将由一笔干净的俄亥俄州振兴基金赠款和社区发展集体赠款方案供资。	1
That quality ALONE makes you a better spouse and partner.	这种品质让您成为更好的配偶和伴侣。	0
That question cannot be answered with confidence with either physics or logic.	这个问题不能用物理学或逻辑来得到可靠的回答。	0
That realization was the final straw this morning.	这一认识是今天上午的最后一条稻草。	1
That said I'm concerned at your comments about service and I've brought it up with all the relevant heads of departments.	这就是说，我对您对服务的评论感到担忧，我已经向所有相关部门主管提出了这一问题。	1
That said, some CDD projects have been accused of creating structures and processes outside of the local government control, and therefore accused of weakening them at a time when they need strengthening.	尽管如此，一些 CDD 项目被指控在地方政府控制之外创建结构和流程，因此被指控在需要加强时削弱这些结构和流程。	1
That said, Tofino is supposed to be BEAUTIFUL and I can think of a lot of worse things than being tucked away in a cozy honeymoon suite with the rain falling outside.	尽管如此，托菲诺本来应该是美丽的，我可以想到比在一个舒适的蜜月套房里躲雨更糟糕的事情。	2
That s an event where 60 cats will run towards a big bowl of cat food tomorrow (Jul.	这是一项活动，明天将有 60 只猫跑向一大碗猫的食物（ 7 月	1
That seemed sufficient for a while, but then she bloomed like honey clover and seemed just as fragile in her ways, yet there was nothing timid about her.	这似乎已经足够了一段时间了，但她就像蜂蜜般膨胀，似乎也一样脆弱，但她却没有胆量。	2
That should keep me interested in working out all month.	这应该让我对整个月的工作充满兴趣。	0
That should make for one hell of a game.	这应该成为游戏的一个地狱。	2
That should not be the legacy of the current intervention.	这不应该是目前干预的遗留问题。	0
That smile reminding me of the Jacob I had grew to love.	这种微笑让我想起了我从小爱的雅各。	1
That s only too much if you re watching too much TV, if you re allowing yourself to be distracted by unimportant things.	如果你看电视太多，如果你让自己被不重要的事情分心，那就太多了。	2
That spurred a new look at building a dam upstream near Lehigh Quarry.	这激发了在 Lehigh Quarry 附近建造上游大坝的新面貌。	2
That torture bit had me like holding my breath to see how it would end, it was so well written.	这种酷刑让我想屏住呼吸，看看它会如何结束，它写得很好。	1
That turned out to be longer than I thought it would.	结果比我想象的要长。	0
That was almost word for word from the book.	这几乎是一本书里的一个词。	2
That was probably one of the reasons Petunia and her fiancé hated Lily.	这可能是 Petunia 和她的未婚夫恨 Lily 的原因之一。	0
That was quite honestly a good side story about Midoriko and her true deeds revolving around the Shikon.	老实说，这是关于中奥里科和她围绕着希孔的真实行为的一个好的附带故事。	2
That was the bastard that she had been with.	那是她一直在的那种小胡子。	2
That was the first thing that registered as Peter reached her.	这是彼得注册的第一件事。	2
That was the letter Haruka sent to her father a few weeks later.	这是几周后 Haruka 寄给她父亲的信。	0
That was the principle taught in word and by example when President Packer and Elder Christofferson met with priesthood leaders in Sandy, Utah.	这就是在帕克尔总统和埃尔德 · 赫里斯托弗逊在犹他州桑迪会见牧师领袖时所用的语言和示例所教导的原则。	1
That was the reason he walked the garden alone and prayed in the chapel all night.	这就是他独自在花园里行走，整晚在教堂里祈祷的原因。	0
That way I can sit inside on a warm summer day or when it is raining and simply enjoy the peace and quiet of it all.	这样，我就可以在一个温暖的夏天或者下雨的时候坐在里面，享受这里的宁静。	0
That way she can brag about what a caring individual you are to her friends and show them pictures of your sponsored children.	这样，她就可以向朋友炫耀自己是一个多么关心他人，并向他们展示您赞助的孩子的照片。	2
That way you could easily be alerted to a unused light or device left on.	这样，您就可以轻松地收到未使用的灯或设备的警报。	0
That which can be found so pleasurably in Thalassa.	在塔拉萨可以找到如此令人愉快的那种。	2
That work is SUPER long, and it shows how a real relationship takes place: slowly and steadily.	这项工作是非常漫长的，它表明了一种真正的关系是如何发生的：缓慢和稳定的。	0
That would be more bloated and unstable than windows.	这将比窗户更膨胀和更不稳定。	2
That would be one million reasons why the commitment to have a successful Special Finance Department should be in place in every dealership, as well as all seven of the other components.	这将是为什么每个经销商以及所有七个其他部件都应承诺建立成功的特别财务部门的 100 万个原因。	2
That would exhibit to tourists the corruptness their dollars are supporting.	这将向游客展示他们的美元所支持的腐败。	2
The 1st one I can keep my marks aligned, when I put tension on the belt it forces my pullys to move and my marks become off.	第一个我可以让我的标记保持对齐，当我在传送带上施加张力时，它会迫使我的拉杆移动，而我的标记就会脱落。	1
The 5D motion chairs have features such as water spray, vibration and leg sweeping while the auditorium has equipment that simulates the environment projected on the screen, helping to blur the boundary between reality and fantasy.	5D 运动椅具有喷水，振动和腿部清扫等功能，而礼堂则具有模拟屏幕上投射的环境的设备，有助于模糊现实和幻想之间的界限。	2
The 60s puffy and also boat throat dresses are very substantially this pattern, in addition to versions together with large bows to generate your own litttle lady seem like a new queen.	60 年代的浮肿和船喉的缝纫也是这种方式，除了与大弓一起产生你自己的小尾巴外，似乎是一个新的女王。	2
The 8th Punjab Regiment was allocated to Pakistan and the Sikh companies returned to India, principally to replace Punjabi Muslim companies in battalions of The Sikh Regiment and to help in creation of new Sikh battalions.	第 8 次旁遮普团被分配给巴基斯坦，锡克公司返回印度，主要是取代锡克教团营中的旁遮普穆斯林公司，并帮助建立新的锡克教营。	2
The 99 resturaunt chowder recipe of tracking global profit relatives between datagrams in a operation ardent to option shoppers or specifications predates the coverage of the internet.	99 家餐厅的杂烩配方在互联网覆盖之前，在一项针对购物者或规格的操作中追踪全球利润率的数据报之间的亲属。	2
The absence of design, installation, and commissioning controls mentioned above does not indicate that common practices were not used in the development and installation of the fire system.	上述缺乏设计，安装和调试控制并不表示在消防系统的开发和安装过程中没有采用共同的做法。	1
The absence of the peculiarly erect Madonna makes it an interesting surprise among the works of the painter and gives it a somewhat less strenuous air.	这种特殊的马当娜的存在使它在画家的作品中成为一个有趣的惊喜，并给它一种不太剧烈的空气。	2
The accommodation is one main room with double bed, kitchen area and dining area and a separate small shower room.	住宿为一间主房，配备双人床，厨房区和用餐区以及独立的小型淋浴间。	0
The account is for a 12-month period and is automatically renewed in each case at the interest rate available for this product on the renewal date.	该账户为期 12 个月，在每种情况下，都会按照续订日期本产品可用的利率自动续订。	1
The accrual and contribution rates would now be the same for members of both the House of Commons and the Senate.	众议院和参议院议员的权责发生制和缴款率现在都是一样的。	1
The accuracy of the portrayals of period décor, costumes and vernacular has earned the show high praise from those who lived through that era.	对时代装饰，服装和方言的准确描述赢得了这个时代生活的人们的高度赞扬。	0
The acoustics were that perfect, even the wispered words of the architect who was standing at ground level were heard by the king.	音响效果是如此完美，即使站在地面的建筑师的智慧的话也被国王听到了。	2
The actions of the operations were already introduced in the first part of this series of articles.	这一系列条款的第一部分已经介绍了这些行动的行动。	2
The actual transplant takes five minutes, Jeff continued, and involves injecting the healthy marrow into a central line.	Jeff 继续说，实际移植需要 5 分钟，并将健康的骨髓注入中心线。	1
The addition of CAD resulted in a model with a poorer fit than the model with sex alone.	加载 CAD 后，模型的适配性比仅性别模型更差。	2
The Administration also informed Congress that the human rights situation was improving, as it always is when some regime requires military aid to suppress the population in a good cause.	政府还告诉国会，人权状况正在改善，因为某些政权总是需要军事援助来镇压民众，这是一个好的事业。	1
The administration should be present for these events to thank the volunteers and express publicly how valuable they are to the students.	政府应该出席这些活动，感谢志愿者，并公开表达他们对学生的宝贵价值。	0
The Administration stands by its comments to Sharon, that it would not be practical to overlook changes in the territories since 1967.	政府坚持其对沙龙的评论，认为忽视 1967 年以来领土的变化是不现实的。	0
The adults grumbled about the snow and having to go to work, but he got excited.	成年人抱怨雪，不得不去工作，但他感到兴奋。	1
The adults had begun to doze off several times, and Mr. Chase was in just settling back in his chair when a creak came from the bed.	成年人已经开始几次脱奶，当一只咯吱从床上出来时，大通先生正坐在椅子上。	2
The adults worked in the fields during the day leaving the children to fend for themselves in the village.	The adults worked in the fields during the day leaving the children to fend for themselves in the village.	2
The advantage of federal assistance is that there would strings attached.	联邦援助的好处是附带条件。	1
The advantages with a tour group are that all the logistics are taken care of for you, all you have to do is watch and ride your bike.	旅游团的优势是所有的后勤服务都能为您提供服务，您只需观看和骑自行车即可。	1
The Adverse Drug Event Subcommittee at Santa Clara Valley Medical Center has been intensively evaluating ADRs at our hospital through an active surveillance of all admissions.	圣克拉拉谷医疗中心的不良药物事件小组委员会通过对所有入院患者的积极监视，对我们医院的 ADR 进行了深入评估。	1
The affidavit claims Gratzer repeatedly told authorities that Murphy had no knowledge of a plot to kill Binion, a former Las Vegas casino executive.	该证词称， Gratzer 一再告诉当局， Murphy 不知道有人阴谋杀害拉斯维加斯赌场的前行政官员 Bion 。	1
The Affiliate Code is an 15% Off Coupon Gift Code assign to Promoter Affiliate Member.	附属公司代码是分配给发起人附属公司成员的礼券礼品代码的 15% 折扣。	0
The Affiliate Section of our site will have marketing and promotion suggestions for you.	我们网站的附属部分将为您提供营销和促销建议。	0
The afternoons had the two of them going to the Mesa.	下午，他们两人去了梅萨。	0
The Agency will make every effort to ensure that its officers and employees communicate effectively with people who are deaf or hard of hearing.	该局将尽一切努力确保其官员和雇员与耳聋或听力困难的人有效沟通。	0
The agents will try to maximize the utility of the information available to them as well as to minimize the cost of connecting to other agents.	座席将尽量利用可用信息，并尽量降低与其他座席连接的成本。	2
The agent then makes sure that healthcare professionals follow your wishes and decides how your wishes apply as your medical condition changes.	然后，代理会确保医疗保健专业人员遵循您的意愿，并决定您的意愿在您的医疗状况发生变化时如何适用。	1
The age of these employees will also contribute to the image of Pinkberry as geared toward teenagers and young adults.	这些员工的年龄也将有助于塑造 Pinkberry 面向青少年和年轻成年人的形象。	1
The agreement was approved by a federal judge on Wednesday.	该协议于星期三获得一名联邦法官的批准。	0
The aim is to form a dense solid which has few pores.	其目的是形成一个密度不大的固体，它的孔隙很少。	0
The aim of intercultural learning is to find a deeper understanding and respect of 'the other'.	不同文化间学习的目的是加深对 " 另一个 " 的理解和尊重。	1
The aim of SEO is to have your site ranked in the search engines regardless of the products you might be promoting be it interesting news articles or acid reflux remedy.	搜索引擎优化（ SEO ）的目的是让您的网站在搜索引擎中排名，无论您可能推广的产品是有趣的新闻文章还是酸返流补救。	2
The aircraft in this story not only helped shape US Naval Aviation history each of them represents a significant milestone in design and technical achievement.	这一故事中的飞机不仅帮助塑造了美国海军航空史，而且每一个都是设计和技术成就的重要里程碑。	0
The Air Force has provided me with hundreds of hours of training to prepare me for my role as SARC.	空军为我提供了数百小时的培训，让我为担任 SARC 角色做好准备。	1
The airline is the biggest air transportation company in Latin America and maintains a fleet of modern aircraft for its flights.	该航空公司是拉丁美洲最大的航空运输公司，为其航班维持一支现代飞机机队。	1
The air was thick and dense on his skin and the humidity was making his hair curl.	他的皮肤上的空气又浓又浓，湿度也使他的头发卷曲。	2
The album presented original compositions from each musician, as well as a few ringers from the musical world outside the borders of jazz.	该专辑展示了来自每个音乐家的原创作品，以及来自爵士乐界之外的音乐世界的几个铃声。	1
The Alderney Express uses two London underground carriages which were introduced in the late 1980s.	奥尔德尼快车（ Alderney Express ）使用了两辆伦敦地下车厢，这两辆车厢是在 20 世纪 80 年代末推出的。	0
The alignment of the pivot point determines the relation between the two coils used, making sure that the beam pivots around the correct point.	枢轴点的对齐决定了所使用的两个线圈之间的关系，确保射束绕正确的点旋转。	0
The allowance of these deductions is in the hands of the District or Special Commissioners, as the case may be, and they have to decide in each case as it arises the adequacy of the deductions allowed.	这些扣减的津贴由地区专员或特别专员（视情况而定）决定，他们必须在每一种情况下决定允许的扣减是否足够。	1
The alterations and additional work associated with the development of the Northern Option or Eastern Option would entail little that would affect the hazardous risk level of the port.	与发展北部备选方案或东部备选方案有关的改建和额外工作将不会影响港口的危险水平。	0
The amendments proposed by Elrich, however, are designed to retain more forest than amendments proposed by the Planning Board.	然而， Elrich 提出的修正案旨在保留比规划委员会提出的修正案更多的森林。	0
The Americans had opened fire in the main shopping street during the afternoon four days earlier - shoppers, women and children all around.	四天前的下午，美国人在主要购物街上开枪，到处都是购物者，妇女和儿童。	1
The Amish are known for their simple agricultural life... always mentions how much the Amish dislike having their pictures taken,. art for the Amish funerals and whether to use that photos the showed Ephrata Amish..	阿米什人以其简单的农业生活而闻名 ... 总是提到阿米什人有多不喜欢拍照。阿米什人葬礼的艺术，以及是否使用那些照片展示的阿米什人。	1
The amount they are looking for on a regular basis just happens to be 10% of my current income - I signed up straight away!	他们定期寻找的金额恰好是我当前收入的 10% - 我马上就注册了！	1
The Ampico has a wonderful classical library and many of the 1930's arrangements are timeless classics and timeless in terms of playing style.	Ampico 有一个很棒的古典图书馆， 20 世纪 30 年代的许多安排都是永恒的经典，在游戏风格方面是永恒的。	2
The ancestors have chosen you to be the mate of one of the protectors.	祖先选择你作为其中一个保护者的伴侣。	1
The anger at being banished was still there.	被驱逐的愤怒仍然存在。	2
The anger of Tara of Helium all but choked her.	赫利姆的塔拉的愤怒声让她窒息了。	2
The anger that seized her heart blurred her thoughts nd the tears blurred her vision, making it impossible to see where the hell she was going.	抓住她的心的愤怒模糊了她的思想，眼泪模糊了她的愿景，使她无法看到她所处的地狱。	0
The angle of the shot, which he achieved by placing the camera on the ground below the poppies and tilting it up a bit, put the sun where he wanted it.	他把相机放在罂粟下面的地面上并稍微倾斜，从而获得了射门角度，将太阳照在他想要的地方。	2
The announcement of the new rules triggered a storm of criticism from environmentalists, Democrats and some Republicans including Gov.	新规则的宣布引发了环境主义者，民主党和包括戈夫在内的一些共和党的强烈批评。	0
The annual National Convention is the most important event in the Institute s efforts to ensure the continuing professional development of its members.	每年一度的国民大会是该研究所确保其成员持续职业发展的最重要事件。	1
The Annual Report is an appropriate place to do this.	年度报告是一个适当的地方。	2
The anonymous person who has been threatening to set off bombs if he is not given ten million crowns has demanded the money be dropped from a helicopter, TV Nova reported on Friday.	据诺瓦电视台周五报道，如果没有给他 1000 万克朗，威胁要投掷炸弹的匿名人士要求从直升机上投放资金。	1
The answer depends greatly on you but it is advised that you seek facial treatment every month.	答案在很大程度上取决于您，但建议您每月寻求面部护理。	0
The answer is by increasing his staff size.	答案是增加他的员工人数。	1
The answer is to think about what your customers want.	答案是思考您的客户想要什么。	0
The answer lies in the constantly changing attitudes of some Western countries.	答案在于一些西方国家的态度不断变化。	0
The answers to these questions lay within the evolution of thought regarding the human condition.	对这些问题的答案是在人类状况的思想演变过程中。	2
The answer to both questions defines the efficient frontier, which optimizes risk given return and vice versa.	这两个问题的答案都定义了有效的边界，这可以优化回报风险，反之亦然。	1
The anxiety you are feeling is normal, but not good for your health.	您感到的焦虑是正常的，但对您的健康不是很好。	1
The apartment is on the 4th floor and comprises of spacious lounge with feature fire place, fully fitted independant k...	公寓位于 4 楼，设有宽敞的休息室，带有壁炉，设施齐全，独立的 K.	1
The apostate church became an institution controlled by the state.	使徒教会成为国家控制的一个机构。	1
The appellants had no title to sue in their own name.	上诉人无权以自己的名义提起诉讼。	0
The approach pursued by this project is significant considering that Rotterdam is the largest port in the world and keeps up with a dynamic process of economic, technological and physical restructuring that characterises its modernisation and expansion.	考虑到鹿特丹是世界上最大的港口，并跟上其现代化和扩张所特有的经济，技术和物质结构调整的动态进程，该项目所采取的方法是重要的。	1
The Aquarium experience is an unforgettable adventure underneath magnificent glass peaks where guests explore indoor forests, underwater caverns and deep canyons.	水族馆体验是一次难忘的冒险，在壮丽的玻璃山峰下，客人可以在这里探索室内森林，水下洞穴和深峡谷。	2
The arc tube is covered by a glass bulb.	电弧管由玻璃灯泡盖住。	0
The area as in post to aruban girl on photo request explain more on the sticks over a weathered board, and before I consulted this post.	阿鲁巴女孩在拍照时的发帖区域在风化的木板上解释了更多的东西，在我查阅这篇文章之前。	1
The area has loads of places to eat, including street food and Chinese, American and Japanese fastfood chains.	该地区有许多吃饭的地方，包括街头食品和中国，美国和日本的快餐连锁店。	2
The area of the company participating in the study was an information technology service department which employs 90 engineers and scientists, responsible for developing and adapting software applications for other company departments and partners.	参与该研究的公司是一个信息技术服务部门，该部门雇用了 90 名工程师和科学家，负责开发和调整其他公司部门和合作伙伴的软件应用程序。	1
The areas around the buttons and directional pad are colored black.	按钮和方向键盘周围的区域为黑色。	0
The area to be taken care of must be clean prior to the procedure.	在执行此程序之前，要维护的区域必须清洁。	1
The armoured convoy pulled up beside the Machine Resistance troops.	The armoured convoy pulled up beside the Machine Resistance troops.	2
The arrangement of the baking programs is extremely clear and easy to administer.	烘焙方案的安排极其明确，易于管理。	0
The article basically stated that no corporation, except with the permission of the board of selectmen, could pump water from inside of Nottingham and take it out of Nottingham for profit.	文章基本上说，除经甄选委员会许可外，任何公司都不能从诺丁汉内部抽水，并将其从诺丁汉中取走，以谋取利润。	0
The Articles were written to not create a Character Analysis How would one define a heroine?	撰写文章的目的不是创造性格分析如何定义英雄们？	1
The article was a major feature on the band, detailing their forming and also the TV advertising campaign that ran throughout November.	这篇文章是乐队的一个主要特点，详细介绍了乐队的组成以及 11 月的电视广告活动。	2
The artificial turf is created to stay consistently flat, allowing more predictable and faster ball movement than on uneven grass surfaces.	人造草皮的形成是为了始终保持平坦，与不平坦的草地相比，可以更容易预测和更快地移动球。	1
The artwork then goes onto display and up for sale at a local gallery where a portion of the sale goes back to helping special needs students.	然后，这些艺术品将在当地的画廊展出和销售，其中一部分的销售将返回到帮助特殊需要的学生。	1
The assets and liabilities of the Trust are predominately held in currencies other than the functional currency of the Trust which is the Canadian dollar.	信托的资产和负债主要以信托的功能货币（加拿大元）以外的货币持有。	0
The Athenaeum is a handsome stone building, located near the works, on the eastern side of Joliet.	雅典娜姆是一座漂亮的石头建筑，位于乔利埃特东部，靠近建筑。	1
The athletes, who will not take part in any marathon races until after the World Championships, will proceed to residential camp in Eldoret at the end of this month.	这些运动员在世界锦标赛结束之前不会参加任何马拉松比赛，他们将于本月末进入埃尔多雷特的寄宿营。	0
The attached fleece vest adds warmth underneath his jacket while the insulated pants keep him cozy all day.	随附的羊毛背心在夹克下面增加了保暖效果，而隔热裤则让他全天保持舒适。	0
The attachment of error handlers to objects is purely local: different processes may attach different error handlers to corresponding objects.	将错误处理程序附加到对象纯粹是本地的：不同的进程可能会将不同的错误处理程序附加到相应的对象。	2
The attempt here will be to acknowledge the programs and groups, and cite some of the key individuals but not provide a comprehensive listing.	这里的尝试将是承认这些计划和团体，并列举一些关键人物，但不提供全面的清单。	2
The attorneys also charged that Dolan had interfered with their business relationship with the clients.	律师还指控 Dolan 干扰了他们与客户的业务关系。	0
The attorneys and representatives who hang out in the midway to help people run the gamut are paid amazingly well if they know what they are doing.	那些在中间闲逛以帮助人们完成任务的律师和代表，如果他们知道自己在做什么，他们的报酬就会非常好。	1
The attraction and the three rides operate on alternating schedules.	该景点和三种游乐设施按不同的时间表运营。	0
The audience applauded quite generously at the end.	最后，观众非常热烈地鼓掌	0
The audience is segmented and tools are tailored to segments.	受众被细分，工具根据细分定制。	0
The Australian workers had learned from their experience in the 'nineties just what this means, and had sought instinctively to overcome it by forming their own party.	澳大利亚工人从九十年代的经验中了解到了这意味着什么，并本能地通过组建自己的政党来克服这一问题。	0
The Author does not claim any special priviliges or divine authority.	提交人没有要求任何特殊的私人或神圣的权威。	1
The Authority considers that in the world of lifelong learning all awards should yield some options for transfer or progression.	管理局认为，在终身学习的世界中，所有奖励都应产生一些转让或进步的选择。	2
The authority over these agencies would then be streamlined under the newly created cabinet position to be filled by Director Tom Ridge.	然后，在新设立的内阁职位下，将精简对这些机构的权力，由汤姆 · 里奇主任担任。	2
The author organized interviews with community leaders through his contacts as a former journalist with the Penticton Western News.	提交人通过他作为 Penticton Western News 的前记者的接触组织了与社区领袖的访谈。	1
The authors are solely responsible for the content of this paper and the opinions expressed herein.	作者对本文件的内容和本文所表达的意见负有全部责任。	1
The authors have taken care not to call their book a biography, so it may be unfair to chastise them for stinting on anecdotal detail.	提交人注意到不把他们的书称为传记，因此对他们的迷谈细节的指责可能是不公平的。	2
The authors make the point that Democrats agree with the republicans on too many issues, in their opinon...	作者指出，民主党人同意共和党人在太多问题上的意见，他们的意见是 ...	1
The authors show how Jews and Christians have often failed to promote a compassionate and sensitive regard for animals.	作者们展示了犹太人和基督徒如何常常不能促进对动物的同情和敏感的关注。	1
The author takes it for granted that revolution represents progress and, thus, that the end justifies the means.	作者认为，革命是进步，因此，目的是证明手段是合理的。	0
The automatically created wiki is already useful in its basic form, but its value can be further increased by allowing users to add more content to it.	自动创建的 Wiki 在其基本形式中已经很有用，但它的价值可以通过允许用户向其添加更多内容来进一步提高。	1
The award enables the Navy and other Department of Defense agencies to acquire engineered systems and services from Rockwell Automation vital to daily and strategic shipboard operations, domestically and globally.	该奖项使海军和其他国防部机构能够从罗克韦尔自动化公司获得工程系统和服务，这些系统和服务对于国内和全球的日常和战略船上作业至关重要。	0
The Awards are produced by the Arts Council of Sonoma County and funded by the Community Foundation of Sonoma County.	该奖项由索诺马县艺术理事会颁发，并由索诺马县社区基金会提供资金。	0
The AYP reports are a better reflection of demographics in schools, illustrating how well children succeed based on factors such as language or economic status.	AYP 报告更好地反映了学校的人口统计，说明了儿童在语言或经济地位等因素的基础上取得成功的程度。	1
The Bacio Me lip balm by Principessa Beauty lives up to its claim to be a spa treatment for your lips.	普林西贝萨美容公司的巴科奥 · 梅唇香，不辜负它对您嘴唇的水疗护理的要求。	2
The bad news is if you own a Windows Mobile Device.	坏消息是如果您拥有 Windows Mobile 设备。	1
The Baiyoke Suite hotel, in Bangkok is a superior class hotel designed to provide the utmost comfort and convenience for the discerning leisure or business traveller.	曼谷的 Baiyoke 套房酒店是一家高级酒店，为挑剔的休闲或商务旅客提供最大的舒适和便利。	0
The balance of this paper describes how rural healthcare entities can improve their chance of suc- cessfully securing financing.	本文的其余部分描述了农村医疗机构如何提高其获得融资的机会。	0
The balcony she was sitting on hung precariously over the edge, dropping down onto the greyish white cliffs that fringed the sea.	她坐在阳台上的露台上，悬在边缘的边缘上，跌落到了沿着大海的灰白色悬崖上。	2
The band did seem a lot more coherent than they did in '78, however.	但是，乐队似乎比他们在 78 年的表现更加协调一致。	1
The band members of Korn can control the bullet with their minds!	科恩乐队的成员可以用自己的头脑控制子弹！	2
The bands should cross over the hole in the center.	条带应穿过中心的孔。	1
The Barbour Liddlesdale Track quilted jacket looks a good during the day as it does in the evening on a night out.	Barbour Liddlesdale Track 的棉被夹克在白天看起来很好，在夜晚外出时也是如此。	2
The barracks is on the left a short way into the village itself, and is clearly marked.	The barracks is on the left a short way into the village itself, and is clearly marked 。	2
The base set of moral rules are all pretty much the same.	基本的道德规则几乎是一样的。	0
The bass player Serge joins the band but decides to leave aswell as he does not share the same ideas as the other members.	低音炮球员塞尔日加入了乐队，但决定离开，因为他与其他成员没有相同的想法。	2
The Batch Status List screen is used to view uploaded batches.	Batch Status List （批次状态列表）屏幕用于查看上传的批次。	1
The battery life is getting worse by the day.	电池寿命每天都在变差。	1
The BCI Series Chemical Injectors allow for easy adjustment of inducted chemicals.	BCI 系列化学喷油器允许轻松调整感应化学品。	1
The beaded tulle underneath the wrap sparkles through all these layers to add elegance and sophistication.	包裹下面的上色花边在所有这些层中闪耀，增添了优雅和精致。	2
The beads could be simple or gorgeous surrounded with tinted stones.	熔片可以是简单的，也可以是华丽的，周围是着色的石头。	1
The beam struck the closed eyes of a fiery red haired head located on the bed.	射束击中了位于床上的红色发红头的闭眼。	2
The beat remains stubbornly foursquare throughout, but the texture changes remarkably often one gets the impression that Nicolai and Ikeda have tried to include as much as possible from their extensive database of sounds.	这一节奏在整个过程中始终如一地保持四方形，但纹理变化非常频繁—人们会觉得 Nicolai 和 Ikeda 试图尽可能地从其广泛的声音数据库中加入。	1
The beauty of the stitch is in its raised knots - to crush those with ironing would be a shame.	缝线的美丽在于它的凸起的结节 - 用熨烫来挤压那些缝线将是一种耻辱。	0
The beeping of her Comm badge interrupted her thoughts.	她的“通信”徽章发出的哔声打断了她的思想。	1
The beginning of the process to check could be the retailer advertisements, quite often installed discount coupons with them weekly or perhaps deals that you may take advantage of.	检查流程的开始可能是零售商广告，通常每周都会为他们安装折扣优惠券，或者您可能会利用的交易。	2
The Belgians centralized power in a single chief and gave the Tutsi control of the judicial system.	比利时人将权力集中在一名酋长中，并让图西族人控制司法系统。	1
The beliefs around the actual beginning with the Claddagh diamond ring are rich in experience, wonder, unbelievable enchantment, and alllow for excellent stories to express to pictures wedding ceremony.	围绕着克莱达格钻石戒指的真正开始的信仰是丰富的经验，奇迹，令人难以置信的魅力，也是极好的故事表达给照片婚礼仪式。	2
The bending and stacking technique described above suffers from several problems.	上述折弯和堆叠技术有几个问题。	0
The benefit of a dry summer is it is very easy to find loose rocks.	干燥的夏天的好处是很容易找到松散的岩石。	1
The bent index and middle fingers of the right hand were then applied firmly to the lower third of the child adoption left labium minus, which was rubbed against the underlying parts.	然后，右手的弯曲指数和中指被牢固地应用到儿童收养的后三分之一的左实验室减去，后者被橡胶在底层部分上。	2
The best feature of all is the Temperature Sensor that is built in to the unit.	所有组件的最佳功能是装置内置的温度传感器。	0
The Best of Innovations honor is awarded to the products with the highest judges' scores and will be featured in the Innovations Design and Engineering Showcase at the 2012 International CES.	最佳创新荣誉奖授予得分最高的产品，并将在 2012 年国际消费电子展的创新设计和工程展示中亮相。	1
The best of the bunch were the hearty garlic mashed potatoes and the crunchy cole slaw.	最棒的是大蒜土豆泥和脆脆的凉拌卷心菜。	0
The best of the Kluson reproductions, and used by Fender on the American Vintage and Custom Shop models.	最好的克劳森复制品，由 Fender 在美国复古和定制商店模型上使用。	0
The best part is, the parts developed for this engine will eventually make their way to production, allowing any Nissan 350Z or Infiniti G35 owner to build an identical beast of their own.	最好的部分是，为该发动机开发的零件最终将投入生产，从而允许任何 NISSAN 350Z 或 Infineiti G35 所有者制造相同的野兽。	2
The best place to search for your online shopping needs.	寻找你的网上购物需求的最佳地点。	2
The best thing about valium how and valium how is focused on valium how: pioneer in valium how.	关于如何使用阀门和如何使用阀门的最好的事情是关注如何使用阀门：如何使用阀门的先锋。	2
The best thing in Deling city is the entertainment at the hotel.	德林市最好的地方是酒店的娱乐设施。	1
The best thing to use to remove the smell is vinegar and ...	去除气味的最好方法是醋和……	1
The best way to make responsible pet caretakers is to teach them when they are very young.	让宠物看护人负责任的最佳方式是在他们年纪很小的时候教他们。	2
The best way would be to start by seeing a licensed dermatologist.	最好的办法是首先看到一名有执照的皮肤科医生。	2
The Bible is pretty clear on how homosexuals should be treated.	《圣经》对同性恋者应如何对待是相当清楚的。	1
The Bible reveals that the decision to follow Christ involves several basic responses steps.	《圣经》揭示，追随基督的决定涉及几个基本的反应步骤。	1
The big difference is that Likud is in power and conveying a simple message to the Israeli population: The party is over.	最大的区别是，利库德掌权，向以色列人民传达了一个简单的信息：党已经结束。	2
The biggest problem that I had with my brick phone was that I would always find myself inadvertently pressing buttons when it was in my pocket.	我的砖头手机最大的问题是当它放在口袋中时，我总是会发现自己无意中按下按钮。	1
The big thing is English language ang Internet in our days!	最重要的是英语和网络在我们的时代！	2
The bike is almost finished and it is now to darn cold to ride.	自行车即将完成，现在骑行要冷得不爽。	2
The bill previously contained sunset clauses that were later repealed in the fall of 2001.	该法案以前载有日落条款，后来在 2001 年秋季被废除。	0
The bill would have increased spending for social services and government education by more than $10 billion .	该法案将使社会服务和政府教育的支出增加 100 多亿美元。	0
The bishop Mikha of Lashom was among the signatories of the acts of the synod of Acacius in 486.	拉什姆主教米哈是 486 年阿卡西斯主教的行动的签署者之一。	0
The black dog yelped and barked in pain as it wildly snapped at one cat and then the other.	这只黑狗在一只猫和另一只猫之间疯狂地咬着，从而大惊惶地大骂了一只。	2
The black haired girl rubbed her eyes and groaned.	这位黑色头发的女孩擦了眼睛，并进行了下腹之处。	2
The black leather gloves are forge expression gloves with thinsulate lining.	黑色皮革手套是采用 Thinsulate 内衬的锻造表达手套。	2
The Blacksmith uses a combination of magic and physical strength to forge weapons and armor that you will need.	Blacksmith 结合了魔力和体力来制造你需要的武器和盔甲。	0
The bladder contains less fluid or more fluid than is considered normal when the first urge to urinate is felt.	当感到第一次尿酸尿时，膀胱所含的液体比正常情况少或多。	1
The Blade of Leaping Gold shone with an inner light.	《跳金刀》内饰光照亮。	2
The blind Earthbender received a box of jasmine tea and a jade ring.	这位盲人 Earthbender 收到了一盒茉莉花茶和一个玉器环。	0
The blockade of Cuba has to be one of the stupidiest foreign policy desicions ever.	对古巴的封锁必须是有史以来最愚蠢的外交政策的一种蔑视。	2
The blond turned to dip a shallow bow at the students running towards them.	金发转向向朝朝他们跑的学生低头。	2
The bloody pool was sticky by now, the coagulant finally doing its job despite the venom from the damned snake...	现在，血腥的泳池很黏，这位鸡尾蛇尽管被这条被破坏的蛇毒化了，但终于完成了工作。。。。。。	2
The Blue Fairy took one look at them and tried to hide behind me.	蓝仙女只看了一眼，就想躲在我后面。	0
The blue of the moistened tissue was in direct contrast with the deep mahogany hues of the boards under her feet.	湿组织的蓝色与她脚下的板上的红木色形成了直接的对比。	2
The Board and the FTC agreed that further legislative action would be premature.	委员会和公平贸易委员会一致认为，进一步立法行动为时过早。	0
The Board certification stipend will not be granted in any year in which the unit member receives a stipend of equal or greater value from the State.	在该单位成员从国家获得同等或更高价值的津贴的任何年份中，都不会发放委员会的核证津贴。	2
The board may prioritize the grant applications based upon the information requested as part of the grant application.	董事会可根据作为补助金申请一部分的要求提供的信息确定补助金申请的优先次序。	1
The Board of the WRLC believes that further delaying the review process in the hope that the unit register will be established creates further investment uncertainty in the fishery.	WRLC 理事会认为，进一步拖延审查进程，希望建立单位登记册，会进一步造成渔业投资的不确定性。	1
The board of trustees has final policy approval authority.	董事会拥有最终的政策审批权限。	0
The board shall insure that the internship was satisfactorily completed by the applicant prior to issuance of a state license.	董事会应确保申请人在颁发国家执照之前圆满完成实习。	1
The Body care range is especially deigned to help your body deal with this.	身体护理系列特别适合帮助您的身体处理这一问题。	0
The book has a very good introduction and the story grows better after every page.	这本书有很好的介绍，每一页的故事都变得更好。	1
The booklet that came with the product, is only about safety while using the product.	本产品随附的手册仅涉及使用本产品时的安全问题。	0
The book of Enoch tells this story in great detail.	《 Enoch 》一书详细讲述了这一故事。	0
The Book of Satanic Ritual is a must for any serious practitioner of the Sinister Magical Arts.	《撒旦礼书》是任何严肃的罪人神奇艺术的必去之地	1
The book, The Post American World is by CNN contributor Fareed Zakaria, an Indian born native who is an author and expert in international affairs.	这本书《美国后世界》是由 CNN 投稿者 Fareed Zakaria 撰写的，他是印度出生的本地人，是国际事务的作家和专家。	1
The Boomer Blog: Recent Coverage About the Blog How many times in a marketing career does one get to be a revolutionary!	Boomer 博客：最近对博客的报道：在市场营销生涯中，有多少次成为革命性的！	1
The Boston Athenaeum was a leading literary and artistic society in the 19th century, and its library contained a wide breadth of important material on American art, history and literature.	波士顿雅典娜姆是 19 世纪的一个领先的文学和艺术社会，其图书馆收藏了大量关于美国艺术，历史和文学的重要材料。	0
The Boston Tea Party was an early American event where costume was used for political purposes.	波士顿茶党是美国早期的一个活动，当时服装被用于政治目的。	0
The bottle Chloe had just spun was pointing directly at her.	那瓶“ Chloe ”刚刚吐痰的瓶子正直接指向她。	2
The bottom line here is that this looks to me like a conspiracy of Mississippi Burningesque qualities.	这里的底线是，这在我看来就像是密西西比的布林斯特式品质的阴谋。	2
The bottom line is that there are benefits and costs of internal organization.	底线是内部组织有好处和成本。	2
The bottom line, when it comes to searching for cheap hotel accommodation on the internet is to be thorough in your search.	在网上寻找便宜的酒店住宿时，最基本的问题是要彻底地寻找。	1
The bottom of the toy has a cable attached to it for the controls and battery pack.	玩具底部有一根电缆连接到它，用于控制装置和电池组。	0
The bourgeois must learn to accept that socialism is here to stay and that we will not stand aside while industrialists continue to exploit the people, it will not be tolerated!	资产阶级必须学会接受社会主义在这里的存在，在工业家继续剥削人民的时候，我们不会袖手旁观，这是不能容忍的！	1
The boy fell silent again and I turned in the other direction.	那个男孩又沉默了，我转向了另一个方向。	1
The boy in front of them turned and laughed.	他们面前的男孩转身笑了起来。	1
The boy looked at him from the corner of his eye.	这名男孩从他的眼角望着他。	1
The boys were starting to act like boys and the girls were becoming girls, and the mysteries of children still seemed to Roo uncharted territory.	男孩开始像男孩一样行动，女孩也成为女孩，而儿童的奥秘似乎仍然在罗奥未知的领土上。	2
The boy turned away and focused his attention on swinging his feet in the water, watching the fish swim away from the sudden movement.	这名男孩转身离开，把注意力集中在水中摆动双脚，看着鱼从突然的运动中游去。	1
The braid itself was a good life lesson, but not much of a hairstyle.	编织本身是一个很好的生活课，但并不是一种发型。	2
The Branch has also commenced exploratory work relating to modernization of the labelling statutes.	该处还开始了与标签法规现代化有关的探索性工作。	0
The brands we stock have been carefully chosen to ensure that they focus on creating unique mens jewellery with the emphasis on unrivalled design backed up by inimitable quality.	我们所拥有的品牌经过精心挑选，以确保他们专注于打造独特的男士珠宝，并以无与伦比的质量为后盾，打造无与伦比的设计。	0
The brawl of such proportions was something that has never been seen in the RSL before.	这种程度的大爬行是在 RSL 中从未见过的。	2
The BRFSS monitors the prevalence of behavioral risks for the leading causes of disease and death among adults in the United States [8].	BRFSS 监测美国成年人中导致疾病和死亡的主要原因的行为风险的普遍程度 [8] 。	1
The bridge has always been the point of focus during major celebrations such as New Yearsâ Eve or at the time of announcement of Olympic Games in Sydney.	在€ 的新年前夕或悉尼奥运会的宣布时，这座桥一直是焦点。	2
The Bridge was mentioned which was supported by the other groups.	有人提到了这座桥梁，其他团体也支持这座桥梁。	1
The bronze sculpture is titled Reconciliation and features three peacekeepers.	青铜雕塑的标题是 " 和解 " ，有三名维和人员。	2
The browser is required to fetch the data for the reference, via a second request.	浏览器需要通过第二个请求获取数据以供参考。	0
The brushstroke of colour is applied without smudging and excesses and supported by a sophisticated facility of composition.	色彩刷牙的应用不会产生污渍和过多的影响，并且由复杂的成分构成提供支持。	2
The Bulgarian name originally belonged to a Finnish tribe, which left its home between the Volga and Don before the close of the fifth century and shook the Byzantine Empire by its attacks.	保加利亚人的名字最初属于一个芬兰部落，该部落在第五世纪结束前离开了它在伏尔加和唐之间的家，并因其袭击而震惊了拜占庭帝国。	1
The bulk of referrals to the State hospitals accounts for the long waiting lists for termination that currently exist at the tertiary hospitals.	转诊到国立医院的人数占高等医院目前存在的等待解雇名单的很长一段时间。	2
The bulk of the blame has to rest with the lenders and their insatiable appetite for borrowers regardless of income.	大部分责任在于贷款人及其对借款人的不可承受的偏好，而不论其收入如何。	1
The Bulldogs were a couple of Canadian Forces guys that were senior officers and had the pick and choice of where and when they did the Lottery.	斗牛犬是两名加拿大军队的高级军官，他们可以选择在哪里和何时进行彩票。	2
The burden of solving the problem has fallen to the Professional Carpet Cleaner, with the result that this has become a profitable source of income to him.	解决这一问题的责任落在了专业地毯清洁工身上，结果这成为他的一个盈利收入来源。	1
The business 5-star Schengen International Hotel offers an ideal spot and friendly environment for both leisure and business visitors.	商务 5 星级申根国际酒店为休闲和商务旅客提供理想的下榻之处和友好的环境。	0
The bus let out another hiss as the doors shut, prompting Lacie to sit down quickly beside Ashleen.	车门关上后，巴士又打了一个嘶嘶声，促使 Lacie 在 Ashleen 旁边快速坐下来。	1
The butterflies like to come for a visit.	蝴蝶喜欢来这里参观。	0
The buyers have moved on to the roads to demand justice for the same.	买方已经开始要求对这一问题进行公正审判。	0
The C65xx Industrial PC series is designed to be installed in control cabinet walls or in the rear panel of a control housing or console housing.	C65xx 工业 PC 系列设计为安装在控制柜壁或控制壳体或控制台壳体的后面板中。	1
The cab driver dropped her outside of a medium sized house and then drove away.	The cab driver dropped her outside of a medium sized house and then drove awed.	2
The cable companies are terrified of the shift away from TV towards video via the Internet.	有线电视公司对从电视向互联网视频的转变感到害怕。	0
The call center services offered by an outsourcing firm is tailored to place the importance of customer service.	外包公司提供的呼叫中心服务是为满足客户服务的重要性而定制的。	0
The call for papers for the conference has now closed.	会议文件要求现已结束。	1
The call function first accepts the object to resolve scope to, and then the parameters to be passed to the function.	CALL 函数首先接受要解析范围的对象，然后再接受要传递到函数的参数。	1
The calling features provided free guarantee that you have the ability to maneuver every little thing about who has the ability to call you and who you call.	呼叫功能提供了免费的保证，即您能够操控关于谁有能力呼叫您和您呼叫谁的一切细节。	2
The call jars Tracey into action, and she decides to hold a little reunion for some of her closest pals from the university.	这一呼吁将 Tracey 投入到行动中，她决定为她最亲近的几位大学同学举行一次小型聚会。	1
The camera could be simplified much further to eliminate any semblance of a computer interface.	摄像机可以进一步简化，以消除计算机接口的任何信号。	1
The camera man walks away and heads back to the ring to be safe again.	摄像机的男士走了走，然后又回到了戒指上，再次确保了安全。	2
The camera work was poor here because we never saw Steiner level Foley, and had to rely on empirical evidence to tell that Foley had been decked.	这里的相机工作很差，因为我们从未看到过斯泰纳 · 福利级，不得不依靠经验证据来判断福利已经被腐烂了。	2
The campus address cannot be imported to a building if the check box is unselected.	如果未选中此复选框，则无法将园区地址导入到建筑物中。	0
The camp was full of people that I did not recognize, but there were many more that I knew.	营地里挤满了我不认识的人，但我知道的还有更多人。	1
The camp will focus on ways to help participants better manage their communication.	营地将侧重于帮助参与者更好地管理沟通的方式。	0
The cane descended three more times and each time Robin counted the stroke.	甘蔗又下降了三次，每次罗宾计算行程。	1
The capacity expansion projects will put into production in 2013.	能力扩展项目将于 2013 年投入生产。	0
The Capitol lady who wears all the freaky new fashions.	这位穿着所有古怪的新时尚服装的国会女议员。	1
The captain waited for as long as he could.	船长尽可能地等了很久。	0
The car can cruise up to 31km on a litre of petrol and offers a driving range of 645km.	该车可使用一升汽油行驶 31 公里，行驶里程为 645 公里。	1
The card was offered as a prize in the drawing.	这张卡是作为抽奖奖品提供的。	0
The caretaker must be the dominant member of the pack so as to facilitate handling and cleaning.	看管人必须是包裹的主要成员，以便于处理和清洁。	1
The car has a metal insert for good running characteristics.	汽车有一个金属插件，具有良好的运行特性。	1
The Carnival update is now available on the Amazon Appstore.	狂欢节更新现已在亚马逊 Appstore 上提供。	1
The cars will be sold in Odessa and the profit will be donated to a local NGO.	这些汽车将在敖德萨销售，利润将捐赠给一个当地非政府组织。	0
The case series is going to include demographics of the patients and clinical characteristics including any information we have on recovery.	病例系列将包括患者的人口统计和临床特征，包括我们所掌握的任何恢复信息。	1
The cases were consolidated for Supreme Court review.	这些案件已合并，供最高法院审查。	1
The casino player can not read the help of experts to compare costs.	赌场玩家无法阅读专家的帮助来比较成本。	1
The castle tower affords a panoramic view of the Kiso River and the vast Nobi Plain below.	城堡塔可以看到基索河和下面巨大的诺比平原的全景。	0
The caterpillar attaches itself to a twig, sheds its skin and creates a chrysalis.	Caterpillar 将自己附着在绞线上，将其皮肤脱落，并制造一种曲绞线。	2
The Catholic Church opposing the theory of Copernicus is a myth or a major misunderstanding at best.	反对哥白尼理论的天主教会充其量只是一个神话或一个重大误解。	2
The cat nodded, and watched as Ryoku put on a sweatshirt and left the house.	这只猫点头，看着龙国穿上一件毛衣离开房子。	0
The cats must have been introduced by the early settlers to the island because there were no wild cats present.	由于没有野生猫存在，这些猫必须是早期移民引入岛上的。	1
The causes are not clear, merely the solution that medications that act directly upon these neurotransmitters can significantly alter maladaptive behaviors.	原因并不明确，仅仅是一种解决方案，即直接作用于这些神经递质的药物可以显著改变不适应行为。	0
The CDROM contains several playable and editable Blender game demos, created by renowned artists from the Blender community.	CDROM 包含多个可播放和可编辑的 Blender 游戏演示，这些演示由 Blender 社区的著名艺术家创建。	1
The ceasing of these hormones means that the ovaries will no longer produce eggs.	这些荷尔蒙的松散意味着卵巢将不再生产卵。	2
The cement launcher was little more than an advanced air rifle.	水泥发射器只是一支先进的气步枪。	0
The Center for Medical Simulation provides a realistic medical setting, equipped with all the supplies and devices normally found in Labor and Delivery.	医疗模拟中心提供了一个现实的医疗环境，配备了通常在 " 劳动 " 和 " 分娩 " 中找到的所有用品和设备。	2
The Center has created an advanced practice model to optimize patient care.	该中心创建了一个高级实践模型来优化患者护理。	0
The center of attraction of ideas and innovations, unique spirit and atmosphere of Italy will be demonstrated at the grandiose installation Piazza Italia at KIFF 2013, projected and designed by the best representatives of Italian school of design.	意大利的创意和创新，独特的精神和氛围的吸引力中心将在 2013 年 KIFF 的意大利广场上展示，该广场由意大利设计学院的最佳代表预测和设计。	1
The Center works to design and implement rigorous investigations that will help businesses prepare for the opportunities and challenges associated with the aging workforce.	该中心致力于设计和实施严格的调查，帮助企业准备应对与老龄化劳动力相关的机遇和挑战。	1
The central bank adjusts monetary policy to keep inflation within the target range.	中央银行调整货币政策，使通货膨胀保持在目标范围内。	0
The central bank on Wednesday warned of inflationary pressure, saying that the influences of rebounding demand, labor supply changes and global monetary easing on prices must be watched closely.	央行周三警告通胀压力，称必须密切关注需求反弹，劳动力供应变化和全球货币宽松对价格的影响。	1
The central criteria is that any of these mediums can be used to get messages out to thousands, even millions of people.	核心标准是，这些媒介中的任何一种都可以用来向数千人，甚至数百万人发出信息。	0
The central finance will continue to grant the establishment of special education funds, local governments at all levels should continue to set up a special allowance for special education and continue to improve.	中央财政将继续拨款设立特殊教育基金，各级地方政府应继续为特殊教育设立特别津贴，并继续加以改善。	0
The Centurion salutes Chief Wood on his recent promotion and extends best wishes on his continued success. and Communications Officer.	Centurion 向 Chief Wood 致敬，感谢他最近的晋升，并对他的持续成功致以最良好的祝愿。	1
The cervix and its purpose are to help maintain a normal pregnancy.	宫颈及其目的是帮助维持正常妊娠。	1
The CFS Palamedes arrived in Guyana on Sunday having called at Paramaribo, Suriname en route from Jamaica.	粮安委帕拉米德斯是周日抵达圭亚那的，他在苏里南帕拉马里博从牙买加出发的途中进行了电话呼叫。	1
The Chair has put on the record how the committees are set.	主席已将委员会的组成记录在案。	1
The Chair is responsible for keeping the catalog description of the division current and accurate, and is responsible for the annual divisional report to the appropriate Dean.	主席负责使该司的目录说明保持最新和准确，并负责向适当的院长提交年度部门报告。	1
The Chairman is authorized to sign the transfer documents.	主席有权在转让文件上签字。	0
The Chair said he could not apologize for reallocation, because each time the institution refines its academic program, it is making choices.	主席说，他不能为重新分配道歉，因为每次该机构完善其学术方案时，它都在作出选择。	0
The chalky limestones are for the most part lacking in microfossils, except for certain horizons where such fossils occur abundantly.	石灰石在很大程度上缺乏小化石，但某些地平线除外，那里的化石大量出现。	1
The chances of walking into a studio using the same gear configured in the same way is pretty limited.	使用相同配置的装备进入工作室的机会非常有限。	0
The change will afford access to the waiting list before the youths leave the care of their foster families.	这一变化将使年轻人能够在离开寄养家庭之前获得等待名单。	2
The changing room cubicles we manufacture come in a wide range of wood finishes and colours, allowing you to select the changing room cubicle that suits your personal environment.	我们制造的更衣室有多种木质装饰和颜色，让您可以选择适合您个人环境的更衣室。	1
The chapters in this book are designed to build on past experience as a guide to help all states move toward more equitable education finance systems.	本书各章旨在借鉴以往的经验，作为帮助所有国家走向更公平的教育融资体系的指南。	1
The character $ in jump instructions indicates current location and implemented only for TI syntax compatibility.	跳转指令中的字符 $ 表示当前位置，并且仅为 TI 语法兼容性而实施。	1
The characters are explored with pathos instead of cold psychology and plots twist like prayer flags in a fierce wind.	这些人物是用病态而非冷态心理学探索的，而在猛烈的风中，像祈祷旗帜一样的阴谋也在扭曲。	2
The characters are interesting and the plot engaging.	这些人物很有趣，图解也很吸引人。	1
The charger hub has a bullet design which ensures it neatly fits into ...	充电器集线器采用子弹设计，确保其整齐地装入 ...	2
The charging party has alleged that an employer has discriminated against him or her and it is the EEOC's job to investigate the matter to determine whether there is reasonable cause to believe that discrimination has occurred.	指控方指控雇主歧视他或她，平等机会委员会的职责是调查此事，以确定是否有合理理由认为发生了歧视。	1
The Charles F. Knight Center is located across from the parking garage on the south side of Throop Drive.	Charles F. Knight Center 位于 Throop Drive 南侧的停车场对面。	0
The Charter does not give the press or the public the right to insist that the coroner compel into evidence any fact.	《宪章》没有赋予新闻媒体或公众坚持死因裁判官强迫任何事实作为证据的权利。	1
The chart shown here highlights some major insurers and their policy coverages.	此处显示的图表重点介绍了一些主要保险公司及其保单覆盖范围。	0
The Chassidic approach is not to focus on where we are but on where we could be.	Chassidic 的方法不是关注我们的位置，而是关注我们的位置。	2
The Chateaux course was the first to open at Golf du Médoc (1989) and Americans Bill Coore and Ben Crenshaw designed it.	Chateaux 球场是第一个在 Golf du M é doc 球场（ 1989 年）开放的球场，美国比尔 · 科雷和本 · 克伦斯豪设计了它。	1
The check should be made out to the Diocese of Austin.	支票应向奥斯汀教区办理。	2
The Chicago PMI index is scheduled for release tomorrow and along with the weekly jobless claims report.	芝加哥 PMI 指数将于明天公布，并与每周失业索赔报告一并公布。	1
The Chief Electoral Officer considers that most of the measures that he is proposing could be implemented for the next general election.	首席选举干事认为，他提议的大多数措施都可以在下一次大选中实施。	1
The child can be overwhelmed while in the womb with horrible sounds, bad tastes caused by what the mother eats, being touched in ways that it dislikes, etc. Rock music drives unborn children crazy.	孩子在子宫中会被震撼，因为母亲吃的东西会导致糟糕的声音，不好的味道，被它讨厌的方式所感动等。摇滚音乐会让未出生的孩子疯狂。	1
The children will certainly be happy in the lovingly designed Medieval atmosphere.	孩子们一定会在精心设计的中世纪氛围中感到高兴。	2
The Child Support Guidelines are a set of rules and tables to be used for calculating the amount of child support to be paid.	《儿童支助准则》是一套规则和表格，用于计算应支付的儿童支助金额。	1
The child victims of Fitzgerald were trafficked into the sex clubs of Calapandayan, Subic, allegedly with the help of Joost.	Fitzgerald 的儿童受害者被贩运到苏比奇的 Calapandayan 的性俱乐部，据称是在约斯特的帮助下。	1
The chirping of crickets was unusually loud in the quiet night air.	在安静的夜晚，小龙虾的鸣叫异常响亮。	2
The choice of essential oils on this list reflects.	这份清单上的基本油的选择反映了这一点。	2
The choir is always looking for people who would like to sing.	唱诗班总是在寻找喜欢唱歌的人。	0
The Christmas tree is not such a big feature within traditional French Christmas celebrations.	在传统的法国圣诞庆祝活动中，圣诞树并不是一大特色。	0
The church in Jerusalem prayed for Peter when he was in prison.	耶路撒冷的教堂在彼得入狱时为他祈祷。	1
The Church is against divorce because Christ is against divorce.	教会反对离婚，因为基督反对离婚。	1
The circulation system of streets and highways is enhanced by placing a system in one jurisdiction to eliminate maintenance confusion; 7.	街道和公路的流通系统通过在一个管辖区内设置一个系统来加强，以消除维修方面的混乱； 7.	1
The CIS countries maintained their position as the prime destination for Sri Lanka tea.	独联体国家保持着作为斯里兰卡茶的主要目的地的地位。	1
The cities that you should go for your Turkey holidays are of course the capital city Istanbul, Antalya and Izmir among the others.	在土耳其度假时，您应该去的城市当然是首都伊斯坦布尔，安塔利亚和伊兹密尔等城市。	0
The Citin Hotel Pudu is located in the heart of the Malaysian capital.	Citin Hotel Pudu 位于马来西亚首都的中心地带。	0
The citizens and taxpayers of Berkeley spoke very clearly and loudly in the last elections.	伯克利的公民和纳税人在上一次选举中非常清楚和响亮地讲话。	2
The City and the Bentryns would share equally the right to withdraw water from these ponds, and the amount of water to be withdrawn could be reduced within the limits of water available in any given year.	该市和贝特恩斯将平等地分享从这些池塘取水的权利，并且可以在任何一年的可用水量范围内减少取水的数量。	1
The City collects hundreds of pounds of trash and sediment and prevents it from entering into creeks.	这座城市收集了数百磅的垃圾和沉积物，并防止其进入小溪。	0
The city eventually hopes to partner with the YMCA of Greater San Antonio to make this a more regular event, Velasquez said.	维拉斯奎斯说，该市最终希望与大圣安东尼奥的基督教青年会合作，使这成为一个更常规的活动。	1
The city was clearly very old, and he could see that it once was beautiful, but all he felt at the moment was discust at the unkept streets and sour stench of food rotting behind the many open windows.	这座城市显然非常古老，他可以看到它曾经是美丽的，但他现在所感到的只是在不开放的街道上的不协调和许多打开的窗户后面的酸臭的食物腐烂。	1
The civilians quaked in fear, not just for their welfare, but also for the safety of their crystal from which their great city drew its power from.	平民不仅为了他们的福利，而且为了他们伟大城市从中获得权力的水晶的安全，在恐惧中死亡。	2
The claimant alleged an unwitnessed accident while working and lifting heavy materials as a union carpenter.	索赔人声称，在作为工会木匠工作和搬运重型材料时发生了一起未见过的事故。	1
The claim representative must also be ready, willing and able to fairly and adequately assert and protect the interests of the class.	索赔代表还必须准备好，愿意并能够公平和充分地维护和保护这一类人的利益。	1
The Clarion University of Pennsylvania offers seven programs in education.	宾夕法尼亚州克拉里昂大学提供七个教育课程。	1
The classic mathematical problem of squaring the circle dates back to ancient Greece and had proved a driving force for mathematical ideas through many centuries.	典型的绕圈数学问题可以追溯到古希腊，并在许多世纪中证明是数学思想的推动力。	1
The classic request of tracked symptoms from your doctor creates a patient need and the new Dry Eye App seeks to fill that need to make your life easier.	您的医生对跟踪症状的典型请求会产生患者需求，而新的 Dry Eye 应用程序会设法满足这一需求，让您的生活更加轻松。	1
The classroom aid will be available for any students who need extra assistance.	课堂辅助工具将提供给需要额外帮助的学生。	1
The clean polish pewter cycle will shutdown too.	清洁抛光机循环也将关闭。	0
The cleansing agent in SPT is not absorbed deep into the skin, working only on the surface.	SPT 中的清洗剂不会深入皮肤，只能在表面工作。	1
The Clerk had attended a course recently which she highly recommended.	秘书最近参加了一个她强烈推荐的课程。	2
The client identifier string size is left undefined by this specification.	此规范未定义客户端标识符字符串大小。	0
The Client Technology Specialist duties include individual client evaluation...	客户技术专家职责包括个人客户评估 ...	1
The client testimonials we submitted summed up better than anything I can write here as to why Greta was the deserving winner.	我们提交的客户推荐信比我在这里写的任何东西都要好，因为格雷塔为什么是值得的赢家。	2
The client will be given a surgical mask.	将为客户提供手术面罩。	0
The clinician reviews the form completed by the patient, checks positive responses and makes a diagnosis following the diagnosis algorithm given at the bottom of the page using the answers given in the module.	临床医师审核患者填写的表格，检查积极响应，并根据页面底部给出的诊断算法使用模块中给出的答案进行诊断。	1
The Clinic relocated to a state of the art IVF and Reproductive Medicine centre located in a dedicated 25000 sq ft building in Clonskeagh Dublin.	该诊所搬迁到位于都柏林 Clonskeagh 一座 25 000 平方英尺的专用建筑内的一个最先进的 IVF 和生殖医学中心。	2
The closer they got to the front the larger the knot built in her chest grew.	她们越接近前面，胸部内结的位置就越大。	2
The closest parking available is at Gate #2 which has an entrance on Exposition Boulevard at Pardee Way.	最近的停车场位于 2 号门，在 Pardee Way 的 Exposition Boulevard 上有一个入口。	1
The closing remains subject to the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions and is expected to occur on December 18, 2013.	关闭仍需满足其他常规关闭条件，预计将于 2013 年 12 月 18 日进行。	2
The club may also be without starting quarterback Aaron Rodgers, whose status is in question after spraining his throwing shoulder against the Buccaneers.	俱乐部也可能不会启动 8 强的亚伦 · 罗杰斯，他的地位在他向海盗投掷肩膀后受到质疑。	2
The coalition could elect to fund part of or all of a school resource position with their grant.	联盟可以选择用赠款资助部分或全部学校资源职位。	0
The Cochins provide eggs for starting the freshly hatched waterfowl and are also part of various color experiments.	Cochins 为新鲜孵化的水禽提供卵子，也是各种颜色实验的一部分。	2
The coffee mug smashed against the wall, the sound piercing the ears of the two occupants.	咖啡杯被冲到墙上，声音穿透了两位乘客的耳朵。	1
The cold does not bother me so much as it does Stefan, and I am happy to be outside, rather than cooped up all day in the store.	寒冷并没有像 Stefan 那样打扰我，我很高兴能在外面，而不是整天在商店里坐着。	1
The collapse of worldwide coffee prices has caused by splitting large amount into small batches or tamper with make from the iron ore and coal they get from australia.	全球咖啡价格的崩溃是由于将大量咖啡分成小批或用他们从澳大利亚获得的铁矿石和煤制成的铁块和煤进行篡改而造成的。	1
The collateral blackjack ii navigation illustrates the compulsory minimum balance.	附带的 blackjack ii 导航说明了强制的最低平衡。	1
The collection consists of two regular height and two counter height tables, an entertainment center and occasional tables.	该系列包括两张固定高度和两张柜台高度的桌子，一个娱乐中心和临时桌子。	1
The college level study skills that you learn in SI will help you earn higher grades in your other classes.	您在 SI 中学习的大学级学习技能将帮助您在其他课程中获得更高的成绩。	1
The college preparatory courses are designed to meet the needs of students who want a college preparatory curriculum, can complete assigned tasks with minimum supervision and have a good level of aptitude and achievement.	大学预科课程旨在满足学生的需求，这些学生需要大学预科课程，能够在最低限度的监督下完成分配的任务，并且具备良好的能力和成就。	1
The colors, size and type of car all reflect how people driving,...	汽车的颜色，尺寸和类型都反映了人们的驾驶方式 ...	0
The color theme and brightness may be adjusted to suit the internal decor from the car.	颜色主题和亮度可根据车内装饰进行调整。	0
The colour difference can be seen easily using a light microscope.	使用光显微镜可以很容易地看到颜色差异。	1
The combination of paracetamol and caffeine was proposed by Laska et al5.	Laska 等人建议将乙酰胺醇和咖啡因结合起来。	0
The combination of radiation and chemotherapy can further increase your risk of heart damage.	辐射和化疗相结合可以进一步增加心脏损伤的风险。	0
The coming months will be prime time for you to summon the willpower necessary to get really serious about an equally ambitious project.	接下来的几个月将是您召集必要的意志的最佳时机，以便真正认真对待一个同样雄心勃勃的项目。	2
The command goes to an ordinary desktop laser printer, loaded with a sublimation cartridge and ordinary copier paper.	该命令用于普通的桌面激光打印机，该打印机装有子墨盒和普通复印纸。	1
The Commanding Officer was most generous in her comments about the Regiment and how well the transfer from the Duke of Yorks HQ had gone, comments echoed by the Princess Royal in her closing remarks.	The commanding Officer was most generous in her comments about the Regiment and how well the transfer from the Duke of Yorks HQ had gone ， comments echoed by the Princess Royal in her closing remarks.	2
The commission asked both sides to express regret.	委员会请双方表示遗憾。	1
The Commission is also already certain that registration should be EU-wide in order to lower the administrative burden to agencies and avoid them to register in every single European country where they operate.	委员会还已经确定，登记应当在整个欧盟范围内进行，以便减轻各机构的行政负担，避免它们在其开展业务的每个欧洲国家进行登记。	0
The Committee agreed that, through its work in the scientific, technical and legal fields, it had a fundamental role to play in ensuring that outer space was maintained for peaceful purposes.	委员会一致认为，通过其在科学，技术和法律领域的工作，委员会在确保外层空间维持用于和平目的方面可发挥根本作用。	2
The Committee has not yet published its report.	委员会尚未公布其报告。	0
The Committee noted that under the old arrangements, consultancy fees for road projects were 4% of the final cost of the project.	委员会注意到，根据旧安排，道路工程的顾问费占该工程最终成本的 4% 。	0
The committee shall determine whether or not it is necessary or desirable to issue bonds authorized pursuant to this chapter to carry out this chapter and, if so, the amount of bonds to be issued and sold.	委员会应确定是否有必要或是否适宜发行根据本章授权发行的债券，以执行本章的规定，如果有，则确定发行和出售的债券数量。	1
The committee should also prepare a report for the financial supervisor and alumni corporation.	委员会还应为财务主管和校友公司编写一份报告。	1
The committee will oversee monitoring of all ecosystem performance indicators, create an electronic database available to the public, and make recommendations for needed technical studies or additional data collection.	该委员会将监督对所有生态系统业绩指标的监测，建立一个向公众开放的电子数据库，并就所需的技术研究或额外的数据收集提出建议。	0
The Common Standard The Common Standard for Equalities in Public Procurement requires service providers to demonstrate that they comply with equality in employment legislation.	《公共采购平等共同标准》要求服务提供者证明他们遵守就业立法中的平等。	1
The Community is in the process of pursuing solutions to a number of these obstacles.	共同体正在寻求解决其中一些障碍的办法。	1
The community pool is located a short walk from the condo along a beautifully landscaped pathway.	社区泳池位于一条风景优美的小路上，距离公寓仅几步之遥。	0
The companies laying off employees in these industries are some of the major employers in Northwest New Mexico, leaving us wondering if the recession is tapering off, or if it is just about to hit.	在这些行业解雇员工的公司是新墨西哥州西北部的一些主要雇主，这让我们怀疑衰退是在逐渐减少，还是即将发生。	0
The Company anticipates that its personnel will continue to swab and rework an additional two to three of its existing natural gas wells per week.	本公司预期其员工将继续每周额外擦除和改造现有天然气井中的两至三口。	1
The company extended its operation beyond and adopted new business formats for operation over time.	该公司将其运营范围扩大到了其他范围，并采用了新的业务模式，以便随着时间的推移进行运营。	0
The company had not been registered as an employer with the Board.	该公司尚未在董事会登记为雇主。	1
The Company has no current plans to expand this facility.	本公司现时并无计划扩充该设施。	2
The company have no return telephone number and are reluctant to give further details about themselves.	该公司没有返回的电话号码，也不愿意提供有关自己的更多详细信息。	1
The company is also offering bundled security packages at around 40% rebate with package of 1000 GB per month.	该公司还以大约 40% 的折扣提供捆绑的安全软件包，每月提供 1000 GB 的软件包。	0
The company is considered to be in the development stage, as most of its efforts have been devoted to research and development and it has not earned any revenue to date.	该公司被认为处于开发阶段，因为它的大部分努力都致力于研究和开发，至今尚未赚取任何收入。	0
The company is very forward thinking and is constantly seeking ways to improve the way we work, including updating computer systems and listening to feedback from staff.	公司的思维非常超前，并且不断寻求改进我们工作方式的方法，包括更新计算机系统和倾听员工的反馈。	0
The company pushed inland up the Yangtsze River on which a specially designed fleet was built to meet the requirements of the river trade.	该公司将阳泽河推进内陆，在该河上建造了一支专门设计的船队，以满足河流贸易的要求。	1
The company quickly poured cold soda on the idea.	该公司很快就为这一想法注入了冷苏打水。	2
The Company retained the earned pension liability related to the Vegetables operations for liabilities through the date of disposition.	本公司保留与蔬菜业务有关的已赚取退休金负债，以应付负债至处置日期。	2
The company says the results exceed internal targets within five months of the first equipment installation.	该公司表示，在首次安装设备后的 5 个月内，结果超过了内部目标。	2
The company specializes in news and financial analysis.	该公司专注于新闻和财务分析。	0
The company will need some of that money to pay a hefty legal bill.	该公司将需要其中的一些钱来支付巨额的法律费用。	1
The comparatively modest NZ interpretive model has been avoided in favour of one which accords more with the robust UK version.	相对温和的新西兰解释模型被避免了，而是更符合英国版本的解释模型。	2
The Competency Framework The Panel will judge how far an applicant meets the competencies as described by the passage in italics.	能力框架评估小组将判断申请人在多大程度上符合斜体字段落所描述的能力。	1
The competitions were held in Snow Park on trail 8A and spectators could see everything from the lift.	比赛在 8 A 路雪公园举行，观众可以从电梯看到一切。	0
The Complex was totally rebuilt on the location of the old hut Capra.	这座综合建筑完全重建在卡布拉旧屋的位置。	1
The complication rate is higher for surgical sites closer to the diaphragm such as thoracic and upper abdominal surgery.	对于靠近膜片的手术部位（如胸膜和上腹手术），并发症率较高。	0
The compounds of the invention may be in the free acid or salt form.	发明的化合物可能是游离酸或盐形式。	0
The computer is just another part of everyday life .	计算机只是日常生活的另一部分。	0
The computer today and use of the internet has turned the entire world into a global village.	如今的电脑和互联网的使用已经将整个世界变成了一个全球村。	0
The concentrations of the different substances involved were determined by comparing these areas with the peak areas of the standard samples of known concentrations.	所涉及的不同物质的浓度是通过将这些区域与已知浓度的标准样品的峰值区域进行比较来确定的。	0
The concern of the first part, the repeatability of a laboratory determination of resilient modulus of asphaltic concrete was examined.	第一部分的关切是，对沥青混凝土弹性模量的实验室测定的重复性进行了研究。	1
The concert ended late, so we were too tired to hang around and buy them there at the theater.	音乐会结束得太晚了，所以我们太累了，不能在剧院里闲逛买它们。	2
The conclusions in the EES drawn from this model are dangerous.	从这一模式中得出的 EES 结论是危险的。	0
The condition of the playing surface of field 2 at the State Hockey Centre was a constant source of complaint, but the alternative of changing turf games to grass was not supported by the membership.	国家曲棍球中心 2 号球场的比赛场地状况一直令人抱怨，但将草地比赛改为草地的备选方案没有得到会员的支持。	0
The conference can be directed at raising these kinds of things for the Utton Center to work on.	会议的目标可以是提出这些问题，以便羊肉中心继续努力。	2
The conference is a great platform to receive critical feedback and most importantly to interact and network within a conference environment.	会议是接收重要反馈的绝佳平台，最重要的是在会议环境中进行互动和建立网络。	0
The Conference was a huge success with the help of wonderful workshop presenters and an amazing keynote speaker.	在出色的研讨会演讲人和令人惊叹的主旨演讲人的帮助下，会议取得了巨大成功。	1
The confidentiality of using a third party and daily reminders to staff led to a high response rate.	使用第三方的保密和每天向工作人员发出的提醒导致了高答复率。	1
The conflict is really between science and organized religious doctrine.	这场冲突实际上是科学和有组织的宗教理论之间的冲突。	0
The confused parents had to try to figure out how to convert the partial teaspoon measurement to the mass units of milligrams - a task that many parents will not be able to do.	这些困惑的父母不得不试图找出如何将部分茶匙测量值转换为毫克的质量单位 - 这是许多父母无法完成的一项任务。	1
The congressionally chartered agency also called on states to pass more laws banning the use of the devices while driving.	国会特许机构还呼吁各国通过更多法律，禁止在驾驶时使用这些装置。	1
The connexion is divided into Districts in the charge of a Chairman (who may be female).	这种联系被划分为由一名主席（可能是女性）负责的地区。	2
The consequence of the raid was that the gap between Boer and Englishman widened, the sympathy of the Uitlanders for us grew deeper, and the Afrikander Bond grew stronger.	这一袭击的后果是，博尔和英国人之间的差距扩大了，乌地人对我们的同情加深了，南非荷兰债券也变得更加强大。	1
The conservative label can be used to blame as well as shame.	保守的标签可以用来指责和羞辱。	1
The constant among them is that the mink were all fed rendered cattle.	其中的一个不变因素是，牛群都被喂食。	2
The construction of a portfolio requires that students reflect on their achievements and select work, and make claims about how their work meets different requirements, criteria or standards.	项目组合的构建要求学生反思自己的成就并选择工作，并就其工作如何满足不同的要求，标准或标准提出主张。	1
The Consultant shall collect all necessary information needed for the Pavement Survey &amp; Evaluation Report and Pavement Coring Reporting (PCR) system input All core holes shall be filled immediately after the core sample is extracted.	顾问应收集路面测量和评估报告以及路面测量报告系统输入所需的所有必要信息。所有核心孔应在抽取核心样本后立即填充。	1
The consumer receives a free information packed CD from the credible Mr. Kiyosaki, and our members receive more qualified prospect data than they would promoting traditional lead capture squeeze pages.	消费者从可靠的 Kiyosaki 先生那里获得一张免费的信息包装 CD ，我们的成员收到的潜在客户数据比他们推广传统的潜在客户捕获挤压页面的数据更符合条件。	1
The contact person we have for AAA Michigan Summer Camps Outdoor Insurance Image results for skateboarding GA is L. James Hall and the location is Farmington Hills, Michigan.	我们的 AAA 密歇根夏季露营户外保险图片结果客滑板大会联系人是 L. James Hall ，地点是密歇根法明顿山（ Farmington Hills ）。	0
The content management system makes it easy for us to make changes and update the site ourselves without going through a developer.	内容管理系统使我们可以轻松地自行更改和更新网站，而无需经过开发人员。	0
The content of bifidobacteria decreases simultaneously with an increase in the amount of opportunistic microorganisms.	双叉杆菌的含量随着机会性微生物数量的增加而同时下降。	0
The contestants competed in different video game challenges, although often they were not that great at video games really.	参赛者在不同的视频游戏挑战中展开了竞争，尽管他们在视频游戏中的表现往往并不那么出色。	0
The contraceptive has come under criticism from some groups that suggest that its availability without a prescription, and without age restrictions, might lead to an increase in sexual activity by teenagers.	避孕方法受到了一些群体的批评，这些群体认为，如果没有处方，也没有年龄限制，避孕方法的提供可能会导致青少年的性活动增加。	1
The control arm should move as if it would normally with no undue play 10.	控制臂应像正常情况下没有过度间隙 10 一样移动。	1
The conventional garment was a staple for females as well as guys before to the 20th century with instead several now placing on them just for one of a kind occasions.	传统服装是 20 世纪以前女性和男性的主要服装，而现在有几件衣服只是为了一个类似的场合。	0
The cooler is a solid piece of aluminum that is mounted using only 2 screws, which attach a compression plate on the bottom side of the card to the cooler on the top.	冷却器是一个实心铝片，仅使用 2 个螺钉安装，这些螺钉将卡底部的压缩板连接到顶部的冷却器。	0
The cooling effect is a result of the bigger heat transfer surface of this spiral element, the higher Reynolds number and the centrifugal acceleration of shield gas between collet and collet body.	冷却效果是由于该螺旋元件的热传导表面更大， Reynolds 数更高，以及弹簧夹和弹簧主体之间的护罩气体离心加速。	1
The cooperative agreement mechanism facilitates cooperation between NIMH and grantees as a means of improving efficiency and performance.	合作协议机制促进了镍氢和受赠方之间的合作，以此作为提高效率和绩效的一种手段。	2
The cops busted down the door and took Mamoru and Kobayashi in for disturbing the peace.	他们把马莫鲁和小林赶进了大门，扰乱了和平。	2
The copyright of the article Personal Power Through Numerology in New Age is owned by Terri Parrott.	《新时代通过分子学获得的个人权力》一文的版权归 Terri Parrott 所有。	0
The corners of his eyes crinkled into little wrinkles.	他的眼睛的角落里出现了一些小褶皱。	2
The corporation is at a stage of evaluating and clarifying one of the proposals with a view to finalizing the broad terms and conditions of the sale.	该公司正处于评估和澄清其中一项建议的阶段，以期最终确定销售的广泛条款和条件。	1
The corporation will then consider funding and producing one or more of the shows.	然后，该公司将考虑资助和制作一个或多个节目。	0
The correct approach is to use the DESTDIR strategy to fake installation of the package.	正确的方法是使用 destdir 策略来虚假安装软件包。	2
The correlation engine identifies various faults that affect the pseudowire tunnel status and reports on them as the root cause for the Pseudo Wire MPLS Tunnel Down alarm, for example, Link Down.	关联引擎识别影响 pseudowire 隧道状态的各种故障，并将其报告为伪线 MPLS 隧道关闭警报的根本原因，例如链路断开。	0
The cosmetology profession deals with working with the public.	宇宙学专业负责与公众合作。	2
The cost to going to the moon can be in the billions if it were possible for just individuals to travel like they would an airplane.	如果个人能够像飞机一样旅行，那么去月球的代价可能是数十亿美元。	1
The council of the village decided on sealing the beast away and told the Kage of this village so.	村委会决定将野兽封好，并向该村的 Kage 通报了情况。	2
The counter could have been designed with the lowered section in the centre.	计数器的设计可以是在中央降低部分。	2
The counterfeiting problem is not limited to the China, as a lawsuit filed in New York earlier this month suggests.	伪冒问题并不局限于中国，本月早些时候在纽约提起的诉讼表明了这一点。	1
The countess who murdered her maids and bathed in their blood to look young.	那位姑娘们杀害了她的女仆，在血中洗澡，看上去很年轻的姑娘们。	2
The country is turning to coal and natural gas as new sources of energy.	该国正在将煤炭和天然气作为新的能源。	0
The couple is wise to call as witness those whom they trust and whose validating witness is important to them.	这对夫妇明智的做法是传唤他们信任的证人，并传唤他们的证人对他们很重要。	2
The course also looks at what it means to be a Makaton signing for babies trainer, including the need for CRB checking.	本课程还探讨了成为婴儿教练的 Makaton 签名的意义，包括 CRB 检查的必要性。	2
The course is intensive and some evening work will be required.	课程内容密集，需要做一些夜间工作。	2
The courses are free to all adults accompanied by at least one child and, please remember, that the children will need to remain accompanied at all times for the duration of the course.	所有成人均可免费参加课程，至少有一名儿童陪同。请记住，在课程期间，儿童需要始终陪伴。	2
The courses attempts to boost the top quality of an individual to set objective for future, and build up his ambitions and aspirations.	这些课程旨在提高个人的最高素质，为未来设定目标，并建立他的抱负和抱负。	1
The court and the jury were faced with difficult issues upon which a decision needed to be made.	法院和陪审团面临着需要作出决定的困难问题。	1
The Court determined it was error to focus on the language of the form in lieu of the statutory language.	法院认定，将重点放在表格的语言上而不是法定语言是错误的。	1
The Court held that imitation of a radio programme may constitute an act of unfair competition under the above mentioned general clause.	法院认为，根据上述一般条款，模仿无线电节目可能构成不公平竞争行为。	0
The court is prohibited from suspending a monetary fine below that of the next preceding minimum monetary fine.	禁止法院暂停低于下一个最低罚款的罚款。	2
The court may grant limited or indefinite spousal support.	法院可以给予有限或无限期的配偶支持。	0
The Court of Appeals declined to entertain the case, believing that its own rule (adopted some 36 years earlier) impermissibly extended to it the appellate jurisdiction to review decisions of the Trustees.	上诉法院拒绝受理此案，认为其本身的规则（大约 36 年前通过）不可允许将上诉管辖权扩大到审查受托人的决定。	0
The Court of Appeal The Court of Appeal is divided into two Divisions, criminal and civil.	上诉法院上诉法院分为刑事和民事两个庭。	0
The Court struck out Mr Gladkowski s application after his widow decided not to pursue the case.	在 Gladkowski 先生的遗孀决定不继续审理此案后，法院驳回了他的申请。	2
The coverage will go retroactive back to your termination date.	保修将追溯至您的终止日期。	1
The cravings for the health sciences flirts are as nonexistent as the obscure race.	对健康科学的渴望与模糊的种族一样根本不存在。	0
The create installe has a bug that will be fixed in the next release, which is coming soon.	创建安装程序有一个错误，将在即将发布的下一个版本中修复。	0
The crew is looking forward to much needed sleep and we are ready for a great day tomorrow.	机组人员期待着获得急需的睡眠，我们已准备好迎接明天的美好一天。	2
The crime of theft from Indian tribal organizations may be committed in several different ways.	从印度部落组织偷盗的罪行可能有几种不同的方式。	1
The criminology material should focus on white collar criminals.	犯罪学材料应以白领罪犯为重点。	1
The crisis we know today has shown the ability to raise billions of euros to save banks, while money is lacking when it comes to solving the problem of hunger.	我们今天所知道的危机表明，我们有能力筹集数十亿欧元来挽救银行，而在解决饥饿问题方面却缺乏资金。	0
The criteria have been brought up to the utmost level with gifts that have been given great attention and even, investment.	这些标准已被提升到最高水平，因为礼品受到了极大的关注，甚至投资也受到了极大的重视。	1
The criteria will first examine the elevation at the edge of the paved shoulders in order to determine which one is lower.	该标准将首先检查铺砌肩部边缘的高度，以确定哪个肩部较低。	1
The Croatians and the Serbs were the cause of this collapse.	克罗地亚人和塞族人是这一崩溃的原因。	2
The crowd was also treated to a surprise performance by the Bay Area Bhangra Empire, a group that has had the honor of performing for President Obama.	海湾地区的 Bhangra Empire 也为人群带来了惊喜，该团体有幸为奥巴马总统表演了演出。	1
The Crown appealed with the result, as we have already noted, that he will spend at least ten years in prison.	正如我们已经指出的那样，王室对此提出了上诉，要求他将至少被监禁十年。	0
The crying and whimpering cut off abruptly and both vampires who were listening from the second floor growled lowly in rage again.	哭泣和呜呜声突然切断，两个从二楼听到的 vampires 又在低声中猛烈地咆哮。	2
The CTA already has the option to get more buses from New Flyer and new rail cars from Bombardier.	CTA 已经可以选择从 New Flyer 购买更多的巴士，从 Bombardier 购买新的轨道车。	2
The cub was male and a bit larger.	小肘是男性，有点大。	2
The culture of window clearance appears to be totally dead.	窗户清关的文化似乎已经完全死了。	2
The culture puts the responsibility for the home and children solely on the woman; the guys, they work themselves to death or hang out in bars with their buddies.	文化把家庭和孩子的责任完全放在女人身上；男人，他们自己在工作中死亡，或者和他们的朋友一起在酒吧里闲逛。	1
The cup cake wedding cake is a modern take on the traditional design we can create highly individual cakes all hand baked to a special recipe.	杯子蛋糕婚礼蛋糕是传统设计的现代体现，我们可以制作高度个性化的蛋糕，全部用手工制作，并采用特殊配方制作。	2
The current and second owners dry sailed her for seven years from Hamble point, cruising the South Coast and the Cherbourg Peninsula.	现在和第二位所有者干了七年，她从哈姆布莱特出发，在南海岸和瑟堡半岛巡游。	2
The current authorities of Sjenica openly claim that they do not recognize the Republic of Serbia or the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and their laws.	泽尼察现任当局公开声称他们不承认塞尔维亚共和国或南斯拉夫联盟共和国及其法律。	0
The current pulses interrupt thereby the induction flux in the core in the same sequence and let the induced flux pulsate, whereby again a pulsating direct current in the induction coil is caused.	电流脉冲按相同顺序中断磁芯中的感应通量，并让感应通量脉动，从而再次导致感应线圈中的脉动直流。	1
The current study identified that many of the reasons given to health professionals by clients regarding their drug use were similar to that of the general population.	目前的研究发现，客户向保健专业人员提供的许多关于其吸毒的理由与普通民众的理由相似。	1
The current UA Library Board application deadline provides a window of time for members of Council, the public and the media to see the Library Board applications before any appointments are made.	图书馆管理局目前的申请截止日期为委员会成员，公众和媒体提供了一个时间窗口，让他们在作出任何任命之前看到图书馆委员会的申请。	1
The curriculum examines criteria for good mental health research and provides students with tools for successful grant writing.	该课程审查了良好精神健康研究的标准，并为学生提供了成功撰写赠款的工具。	1
The curvature of the rear cross strap brings the opposite side portions into a closer spacing with respect to one another than that illustrated at s in FIG.	后十字带的曲率使另一侧的间距比图中的所示的间距更接近。	1
The cushion cut engagement rings should not attractive with out the perfect ring setting, which matches along with the rounded rectangular form of the diamond that is studded into the ring.	衬垫切割啮合环不应与完美的环设置相配，因为环与镶嵌在环中的金刚石的圆形矩形形式匹配。	0
The customer can now browse through the options available to him before buying.	客户现在可以在购买前浏览其可用的选项。	0
The custom mapping interface was publicised so that people could easily add support for single Java type to multiple datastore column - a quick fix.	自定义映射界面已经过宣传，因此人们可以轻松地将对单个 Java 类型的支持添加到多个数据存储列中 - 快速修复。	1
The dangerous political stalemate in Iraq that blocks national reconciliation finds a parallel in our own nation.	阻碍民族和解的伊拉克危险的政治僵局在我们自己的国家中是平行的。	2
The dangers of Medi terranean travel reinforced the psychological obstacles and threw the West back on its own resources.	迈迪岛的危险加剧了心理障碍，使西方重新依靠自己的资源。	1
The Dark Lord Voldemort was on the search for the young boy that went by the name of Harry Potter.	黑暗的沃尔德曼特勋爵正在寻找以《哈利 · 波特》的名字来的男孩。	2
The darkness covered his face but it was still really, really scary.	黑暗掩盖了他的脸，但它仍然是真的，真的很可怕。	1
The data are part of an analysis of graduate enrollments and degrees from the Council of Graduate Schools.	这些数据是对研究生入学率和研究生院理事会学位的分析的一部分。	0
The data were reanalyzed to include only those observations from the region with highest mercury exposures (Upper Maroni).	对这些数据进行了重新分析，以仅包括来自汞接触量最高的区域（上马罗尼）的观测结果。	0
The data you stated at your registration will only be used to carry out your order.	您在注册时所述的数据将仅用于执行您的订单。	0
The dating service helps people who have a hard time finding the ideal person in life by having a huge membership base giving a wide range of people to choose from.	约会服务通过拥有庞大的会员基础，让众多的人从中选择，帮助那些在生活中很难找到理想的人。	1
The David part was so believable, you totally got his perspective to seem so real.	大卫的部分是如此可信的，你完全让他的观点看起来如此真实。	2
The day dawns bright as you ride along country roads passing vineyards reminiscent of Tuscany .	当您沿着乡村公路穿过令人联想到托斯卡纳的葡萄园时，这一天就显得非常光明。	1
The day had cost too much, too many lives, and now Merlin found himself forced to rip his family apart.	这一天花费了太多的生命，现在， Merlin 发现自己被迫把他的家人分开。	2
The day was however textbook bluebird so off we went (not that we had a choice).	但那天是教科书蓝鸟，所以我们去了（不是我们有选择）。	2
The deadline for submission of application for studies in English va the respective faculty.	提交英语学习申请的截止日期和相应的教师。	1
The deal with Shell is to boost output from gas fields not associated with oil output, Kuwait oil sector spokesman Sheikh Talal al Khaled al Sabah told Reuters on Wednesday.	科威特石油部门发言人谢赫 · 塔拉勒 · 哈立德 · 萨巴赫周三对路透社表示，与壳牌达成的协议是为了增加与石油产量无关的天然气田的产量。	1
The Dean must approve all changes in workload assignments.	院长必须批准工作负荷分配中的所有更改。	0
The death of Eric Kulas Eric Kulas died on May 12, 2002 at the age of 22 due to complications from gastric bypass surgery stemming from his weight problems.	Eric Kulas Eric Kulas 的死亡于 2002 年 5 月 12 日 22 岁死亡，原因是体重问题引起的胃旁路手术并发症。	1
The decision maker evaluates options against each other to determine which choice has the most beneficial or the least detrimental outcome.	决策者相互评估选项，以确定哪个选项最有利或最不利的结果。	1
The decision on the tenders was approved by then acting mayor Des Halley on March 4, and toda...	3 月 4 日，代理市长 Des Halley 和 Toda 批准了关于投标的决定。	1
The decision to have a majority of women on each police panchyat is in recognition of the fact that women are disproportionately the victims of crime, and often face problems of domestic violence.	决定在每一个警察分局中都有大多数妇女，是因为认识到妇女不成比例地成为犯罪受害者，而且往往面临家庭暴力问题。	1
The Declaration of Independence was drafted by Thomas Jefferson over the course of a month in June of 1776.	独立宣言由托马斯 · 杰斐逊在 1776 年 6 月的一个月中起草。	1
The decline but not the fall of the Connellsville coke trade ..	康奈尔斯维尔可口可乐贸易的下降，但不是下降……	2
The decline of 53 million francs is due to the Group result being fully subject to taxation for the first time following the conversion to the new legal form.	减少了 5300 万法郎是由于集团最终在转换为新法律形式后首次完全纳税。	0
The decoration, which closely resembles that on Artuqid mirrors, comprises a medallion with a mounted hunter encircled by a border of animal figures chasing each other.	这种装饰与阿图基德镜子上的装饰非常相似，包括一只金狮，一个骑着猎人包围着一个动物人物的边界互相追逐。	0
The dedication of the priestly garments one can learn as solely appling to the garments, but i learn that all commandments have the same quality of raising the profane unto the holy.	人们可以学习的是，这种诚实的服装的奉献仅仅是在服装上的，但我知道，所有的诫命都有同样的品质，可以将圣洁提高到圣洁上。	2
The deductible is based upon a percentage of direct earned premium for property and casualty policies.	可抵扣基于财产和意外事故保险直接赚取的保费的百分比。	0
The Deemax has more history having been out a while.	德马斯有更多的历史已经推出了一段时间。	2
The deepest causal factor within the design stance as applied to artifacts is the original intended function.	在设计姿态中应用于伪影的最深层的原因是原始预期功能。	2
The default rule in Pennsylvania is that if the limited liability company operating agreement is silent, the members manage the limited liability company.	宾夕法尼亚州的默认规则是，如果有限责任公司运营协议没有规定，则成员管理有限责任公司。	1
The Defendant also submitted that even where approval takes place the reasonable costs would also be limited to small claims costs.	被告还认为，即使在批准的情况下，合理的费用也将限于小额索赔费用。	1
The defendant then gets a hearing before a deportation order is issued.	然后，被告在发出驱逐令之前获得听证。	1
The definition of heritage tourism is by no means a simple and clear issue.	遗产旅游的定义绝不是一个简单而明确的问题。	0
The delegation issues their finding in a common statement .	代表团在一份共同声明中发表了他们的调查结果。	0
The delivery partnerships have an action plan that explains what they want to achieve over the next three years.	交付合作伙伴有一个行动计划，解释他们希望在未来三年实现的目标。	1
The dense cloud prevented his from seeing anything.	云密布使他无法看到任何东西。	1
The Department could find no formal agreement in relation to this matter, but was advised that this was being considered.	新闻部未能就这一问题达成正式协议，但被告知正在考虑这一问题。	0
The Department has been successful in bidding for Faculty Postgraduate Bursaries.	该部成功地为研究生院招标。	2
The Department has traditionally employed several concepts and approaches that are similar to those presented in the Value Based Framework.	经社部传统上采用了几个概念和方法，这些概念和方法与《基于价值的框架》中的概念和方法相似。	1
The Deputy Administrator is responsible for the fostering and motivation of mature, professional growth among staff members appropriate to daily operations.	副署长负责培养和激励适合日常业务的工作人员的成熟，专业成长。	1
The designer also experimented using a layer of fabric between the instrument and the skin as an alternative to a lubricant.	设计师还尝试使用仪器和皮肤之间的一层纤维作为润滑剂的替代品。	0
The design of the cracks will vary with the thickness and color of the paint and the type of brushstrokes used for the paint and glue.	裂缝的设计会因油漆的厚度和颜色以及油漆和胶水所用的刷牙类型而异。	2
The design of the evaluation assumed the need to operate at two levels – reviewing progress since 1993, and also considering the present situation in the light of the long term strategic aims of the University.	评估的设计假定需要在两个层次上进行——回顾 1993 年以来的进展，并根据大学的长期战略目标考虑当前的情况。	1
The details of the sale were announced just as it was revealed that the club had signed a 7-year sponsorship deal with General Motors Co to have the Chevrolet brand on their shirts starting in 2014.	销售的详细信息已经公布，因为据透露，该俱乐部与通用汽车公司签署了一项为期 7 年的赞助协议，从 2014 年开始在其衬衫上展示雪佛兰品牌。	1
The details will be seen in the accompanying reports of division and brigade commanders.	详情见师和旅指挥官随附的报告。	0
The development enjoys a lovely sea view of Souda Bay and also a view of the Lefka Ori, or White Mountains, which are snow capped in winter.	这一开发项目可欣赏到苏达湾（ Souda Bay ）的美丽海景，还可欣赏到莱夫卡奥里（ Lefka Ori ）或白山（ White Mountains ）的美景，冬季雪覆盖。	1
The Development Phase The development phase started at the beginning of this year.	开发阶段开发阶段从今年年初开始。	2
The development took place in the afternoon when Gandhi, who met President A P J Abdul Kalam in the morning, sent Congress members to leaders of allied parties, conveying her decision not to take up the post.	这一事态发展发生在当天下午，当时甘地在上午会见了总统阿卜杜勒 · 卡拉姆，他将国会议员派往联盟政党领导人，转达了她不担任这一职务的决定。	1
The development will cover a sea area of between one and two square kilometres and is expected to come online in 2014, though this is dependant on a sub sea cable connecting Shetland and the Scottish mainland.	该开发将覆盖一至两平方公里的海域，预计将于 2014 年上线，但这取决于连接谢特兰和苏格兰大陆的海底电缆。	1
The diagrams and language reflect the unique installation conditions possible with the use of secondarily contained underground flexible piping systems.	图表和语言反映了使用二手地下柔性管道系统时可能出现的独特安装条件。	2
The Diary of a Nobody is so unassuming a work that even its author, George Grossmith, seemed unaware that he had produced a masterpiece.	《一个没有的人的日记》如此的低调，以至于甚至连作者乔治 · 格罗斯史密斯似乎都不知道他制作了一个杰作。	0
The difference with URGE is that these tracks are integrated right into the WMP library.	与 Urge 的区别在于这些曲目直接集成到 WMP 库中。	0
The different types of supported content are described below.	支持的内容的不同类型如下所述。	1
The difficulty for current investors is that existing valuation techniques no longer work.	当前投资者的困难在于现有的估值技术不再起作用。	0
The digi bags come in one universal slim size, they have soft padding, zipper closing and a small extra inner pocket.	旋钮袋采用通用纤薄尺寸，具有柔软衬垫，拉链闭合和一个小的内袋。	1
The digital delivery system should also be assessed to password protect each consumers download individually.	数字交付系统还应进行评估，以密码保护每位消费者单独下载。	1
The directional pad also serves as an intuitive way of navigating through the menus of the camera.	方向键盘还可作为浏览摄像机菜单的直观方式。	0
The direction of the current flow shall then be immediately reversed and normal deposition commenced.	电流的方向应立即扭转，并开始正常沉积。	1
The directive does not allow any discrimination for those in support roles.	该指令不允许对担任支持角色的人员进行任何歧视。	1
The directories see this almost as a non person requesting entry to the directory and can, as stated, in many cases reject your request for submission.	这些目录几乎将此视为非请求进入目录的人，并且在许多情况下可以拒绝您的提交请求。	1
The director of public works and utilities is appointed by the mayor, subject to confirmation by the city council, and may be removed by the mayor pursuant to charter and ordinance authority.	公共工程和公用事业主任由市长任命，但须经市议会确认，市长可根据《宪章》和《法令》的授权将其免职。	0
The Director of University Housing is the supervisor of the Associate Directors of University Housing, Residence Life, University Housing Facilities Manangement, and the Assistant Director for Academic Programs &amp; Assessment.	大学房屋署署长是大学房屋，居住生活，大学房屋设施管理等部门的助理董事，以及学术计划及评核助理署长。	1
The Directors also ensure the publication of the financial statements of the Group in a timely manner.	董事亦确保本集团之财务报表能及时公布。	1
The disclosure of the rating issued by the respondent in 1998 will not give rise to an expectation of probable harm because the rating for the applicants was good.	1998 年被申请人公布的评级不会导致预期可能的损害，因为申请人的评级是好的。	1
The discretionary spending habits that you or your significant other e...	您或您的重要其他人的酌情消费习惯，例如 ...	1
The discription of the game on the radio is a nice touch, as it allows us to know what Jim is hearing.	在收音机上对游戏的描述是一个很好的接触，因为它使我们能够知道吉姆在听什么。	1
The discussion session will be facilitated by the organizer.	组织者将为讨论会议提供便利。	0
The disease has been termed Chronic Progressive Lympoedema (CPL) as recent studies have found that the cause of the swelling and node formation are defects in the lymphatic system.	这种疾病被称为慢性进展性淋巴性淋巴（ CPL ），因为最近的研究发现，肿胀和结节形成的原因是淋巴系统中的缺陷。	1
The disputes ended temporarily when Burma was colonised by Britain.	当缅甸被英国殖民时，争端暂时结束。	1
The distortions cause us to express our separation from unity consciousness and on the other hand, our gifts cause us to reunite both ourselves and others with the absolute.	这种歪曲使我们表现出我们与团结意识的分离，而另一方面，我们的恩赐使我们以绝对的方式重新团结我们自己和其他人。	2
The distribution of transfers among the gram panchayat governments in Kerala is done on a basis of an objective formula that contains some elements that suggest equalization.	喀拉拉邦各邦政府之间的转移分配是在一个客观公式的基础上进行的，该公式包含了一些建议平等的要素。	1
The district has a course management system available for all courses.	该区有一个课程管理系统，可用于所有课程。	0
The District may make a decision to comply with the request for change at any level in the following procedure.	区可决定在下列程序中的任何级别遵守变更请求。	1
The diva has always been at the center of gay male sensibility.	这位女同性恋者一直是男同性恋者的核心。	2
The divine nature of this personal vision is startlingly authentic, though words may fail to convey it.	这一个人愿景的神圣性质是令人震惊的真实，尽管言语可能无法表达它。	2
The DIY School is gaining an excellent reputation for well run, practical and inspiring courses that equip people with the essential skills to change their career, generate new income opportunities or take...	DIY 学校因其运营良好，实用且鼓舞人心的课程而赢得了良好的声誉，这些课程使人们具备改变职业生涯，创造新的收入机会或采取 ... 的基本技能。	0
The DJ logo design and brand identity played upon the initials to form a character logo design for all his branding.	DJ 徽标设计和品牌标识在缩写上播放，为他的所有品牌塑造了一个角色徽标设计。	2
The doctors and nurses came out of the room.	医生和护士走出房间。	0
The documents were the Ark of the Covenant in the temple of facts.	这些文件是《盟约》在事实殿中的方舟。	2
The dog barks ferociously at you when you finally come home.	当你最终回家的时候，狗会向你发出大的叫声。	1
The dog came closer until its massive face was near her own, the hot breath fanning her face.	这只狗走近了，直到它的巨大脸接近她自己的脸，那热的呼吸使她的脸迷住了。	1
The Dokuwiki language settings do not affect the CKEditor.	DokuWiki 语言设置不会影响 CKEditor 。	1
The door opened and a girl came out looking worried and preoccupied when putting her wallet back into the purse.	门打开了，一个女孩在把钱包放回钱包时看起来很担心，也很担心。	2
The doorway attaches a louver to the double glass door, and after all the window keeps a louver at Age lower window.	门道将一个百叶窗连接到双玻璃门上，毕竟窗户一直保持着一个百叶窗处于较低的年龄。	2
The doped tungsten powder, or the undoped tungsten powder if the second doping technique is followed, is then pressed to form a green compact.	然后，如果遵循第二种兴奋剂技术，则压下掺杂钨粉，或不掺杂的钨粉，形成绿色的紧凑结构。	1
The Doppler oscillations were in phase at two different altitudes in the ionosphere but amplitude of the Doppler oscillation increased in proportion to the radio sounding frequency.	多普勒振荡在电离层的两个不同高度处处于相位，但多普勒振荡的振幅与无线电振荡频率成比例增加。	1
The dose of sodium sulphate can be adjusted according to the purge produced.	硫酸钠的剂量可以根据所产生的净化进行调整。	1
The DOT's baggage liability rule contains no such limitations and even states that an airline 'shall not limit its liability for provable direct or consequential damages'.	DOT 的行李责任规则中没有此类限制，甚至规定航空公司 " 不限制其对可证明的直接或间接损害的责任 " 。	1
The down side to it is that I find myself here at the computer when I know there are things to be done.	缺点是当我知道有事情要做时，我发现自己在计算机上。	2
The dozen or so buildings still standing in the Tai Long Valley are home to a handful of indigenous residents.	仍在大龙谷的十几座建筑是少数土著居民的家园。	2
The draft amendment proposes to establish a system in which the criminal records of juvenile defendants would remain sealed and inadmissible in any investigation, except when requested by the relevant judicial authorities during the course of an investigation.	修正案草案提议建立一个制度，在任何调查中，少年被告的刑事记录将保持密封，不可接受，除非有关司法当局在调查过程中提出要求。	1
The dramatic entrance of an obsessional subject into analysis is often due to an encounter with an Other who, unlike the dead father, does not renounce his pleasure.	一个令人着迷的问题进入分析的戏剧性原因往往是与另一个不像死父的人相见，而不是放弃他的快乐。	2
The dress has soft pleats falling from the waist and a concealed zip at the back.	这件衣服的腰部有柔软的褶皱，背部有一个隐藏的拉链。	0
The drill is rotated slowly until a gas path across the valve seat is obtained.	钻机缓慢旋转，直至获得穿过阀座的气体通道。	1
The Dundalk captain led by example going close after the break, and looking lively on the ball throughout.	Dundalk 队长在休息后以榜样的带领下近距离观看比赛，全程都充满活力。	2
The dust went to each of our pendants, Toby and I exchanged a glance saying 'Was this a dream?' Marie yawned and stretched her arms dramatically before looking at Toby and I.	我们的每一个手都有灰尘，托比和我交换了一个目光，说“这是一个梦想吗？”玛丽在看托比和我之前，惊醒了，并把手臂伸得非常大	1
The duties of the office holders are as described below.	办事处负责人的职责如下。	0
The dwarf leading it across my path nods and grumbles a greeting I cannot understand.	在我的道路上穿脱这条路的矮人发出了一个我无法理解的问候。	1
The eaglets at once set up a cry for food, so shrill and so clamorous that the lad was greatly distressed to hear them.	老鹰们立刻发出了一个食物的呼喊，如此的尖叫声和大声的喊叫，以至于老鹰听到他们的声音时感到非常难过。	2
The easiest answer to this is the Tesco stores.	最简单的答案是 Tesco 商店。	0
THE eastern side of the Cordilleras of the Andes consists of a succession of lengthened declivities , which slope down almost insensibly to the plain .	安第斯山脉的 Cordilleras 东部由一系列纵向的衰减组成，这种衰减几乎毫无敏感性地向下倾斜到平原。	1
The ebookers website failed to appear on the first page of Google search rankings - this was in part because all websites were hosted on the same external IP address for about 10 months.	ebookers 网站未能显示在 Google 搜索排名的第一页上 - 这部分是因为所有网站在同一外部 IP 地址上托管了大约 10 个月。	1
The ECB may have to resolve the dispute and put the new facility in place before it can say anything explicit about ending unlimited loans.	欧洲央行可能必须解决这一争端，并建立新的融资机制，才能明确表示要终止无限贷款。	1
The edge restraints should be able to resist anticipated loads with minimal movement in order to maintain interlock.	边缘约束应该能够以最小的运动来抵抗预期的载荷，以保持联锁。	1
The effect of the WIC program on the health of newborns.	WIC 计划对新生儿健康的影响。	0
The efficiency losses from high marginal rates exist whether or not there are demogrants.	无论是否存在人口补助，高边际利率都会造成效率损失。	2
The effort to prepare students academically for college or the workforce begins in elementary school, with students urged to start thinking about possible careers and doing well in school.	从小学开始，努力让学生为大学或劳动力做好学业准备，并敦促学生开始考虑可能的职业，在学校做得好。	2
The EIA process was there, but he was asking for more after expropriation.	环境影响评估进程在那里，但他在征用后要求更多。	1
The eight Global knobs can access four banks of controls; the eight Track knobs control nine different track parameters each.	八个全球旋钮可以访问四组控制装置；八个履带旋钮分别控制九个不同的履带参数。	1
The El Colomer is right in the hotel with Mediterranean and international cuisine.	El Colomer 就在酒店内，供应地中海和国际美食。	1
The elder inhabitant especially hassled by the problem.	老人尤其受到问题的困扰。	1
The elderly man looked up to see his rescuer approach.	老人抬头看着他的救援方法。	2
The Electric Scooters can have three wheels or maybe four.	电动滑板车可以有三个轮子，也可以有四个轮子。	0
The electrochemical cell is comprised of predetermined sets of solid electrolyte membrane units that are in parallel array with each other.	电化学电池由预先确定的一组固体电解质膜单元组成，这些单元在平行阵列中。	1
The Eleutherians are hoping that schools from around the country would make plans to compete at the tournament that will be considered a National Primary School Softball Championship.	埃卢塞拉人希望全国各地的学校能制定计划，参加将被视为全国小学垒球锦标赛的比赛。	1
The elf sits atop of a festive pumpkin and features a striped outfit of different shades of holiday green.	精灵坐在节日南瓜的顶部，拥有不同节日绿荫的条纹服装。	1
The elves within the alienage had been armed with bow and blade, completely ignoring those relatively few citizens that cried afoul at such a move.	在这种疏远中，有的人被用弓和刀子武装起来，完全无视那些在这种行动中哭出来的相对少数的公民。	2
The embroidered lines also form the stems and the exquisite stamen on the full bloomed flowers.	绣花线也形成了树干和花丛上的精致的门。	2
The emotion and dynamic between all the characters was amazing.	所有角色之间的情感和动态都令人惊叹。	1
The Empire was desperate to stop the rapidly growing insurrection.	帝国迫切希望阻止迅速增长的叛乱。	1
The Enable status means you are now set up for paperless bills.	“启用”状态意味着您现在已设置为无纸化帐单。	1
The enclosed information explains who we are, and what we hope to do in the community.	所附资料解释了我们是谁，以及我们希望在社会上做些什么。	0
The End movie starts an you will see how the General is being devoured by the Alpha Beast and the credit titles are starting.	最后一部电影开始时，您将看到通用的故事是如何被阿尔法野兽所吞噬的，而信用称号也开始了。	2
The end results of nticoagulants as well as other narcotics can be modified in unforeseen possibilities once coupled with Vicodin.	一旦与 Vicodin 结合使用，便可在不可预见的情况下改变非粘性凝剂和其他麻醉品的最终结果。	0
The Energy Drive Gauge which shows how much Energy she has and is consumed when you use the energy drive to fire on opponents.	能量驱动仪表，显示当您使用能量驱动器向对手开火时，她拥有和消耗了多少能量。	1
The engine is set for a certain rpm and idle speed.	发动机设置为特定转速和怠速。	0
The entire stock exchange is disappointed by this incident and the stock exchange in India closed at less than the 9 thousand mark.	整个证券交易所对这一事件感到失望，印度的证券交易所以不到 9 000 马克的价格收盘。	0
The entire system should now be simple to drain.	整个系统现在应该很容易排空。	0
The Environmental Division has information available that describes how F-24 Appendix F. Assessment of Watershed Protection Capability in James City County to maintain stormwater management practices and is available to make presentation to Homeowner Associations.	环境司有资料说明 F-24 附录 F 如何评估詹姆斯城县的流域保护能力，以维持雨水管理做法，并可向房主协会提出报告。	2
The EPA's bans or restrictions of a few specific agricultural chemicals were based on politics rather than good science, they said.	他们说，美国环保局对少数特定农业化学品的禁令或限制是基于政治而不是基于良好的科学。	0
The epidemic is eroding the supply of teachers and diluting the quality of education.	这一流行病正在侵蚀教师的供应，并削弱教育质量。	1
The Erasers began to snap and cackle, barking towards each other as I help her to her feet.	当我帮助她的时候，埃拉斯开始咬住，互相吠叫。	2
The erosion controls shall be maintained in an operational condition until the development activities have been completed and the site fully stabilised.	侵蚀控制应保持在运行状态，直至开发活动完成并使场地完全稳定。	2
The essence of being alive is for all of us to make each other happy.	活下去的本质是让我们所有人都感到快乐。	0
The ETA for taking down the two servers is sometime in the next three weeks.	将两台服务器停机的 ETA 将在未来三周内完成。	2
The ethernet switch receives communications from a first MHub on its corresponding port and forwards that communication to a second MHub, representing the target device, on the port corresponding to the second MHub.	以太网交换机从其对应端口上的第一个 MHub 接收通信，并将该通信转发到第二个 MHub 对应的端口上代表目标设备的第二个 MHub 。	0
The European telecoms sector offers very attractive dividend yields, which may represent an opportunity for income investors especially now that Europe seems to show some early signs of economic recovery.	欧洲电信部门提供了非常有吸引力的股息收益，这可能是收入投资者的机会，特别是在欧洲似乎显示出一些早期经济复苏迹象的情况下。	0
The evaluation will include an analysis of release protocols to determine whether modifications may be necessary to increase the likelihood of success, and an assessment of incremental progress in meeting objectives.	评估将包括对释放协议的分析，以确定是否有必要进行修改以提高成功的可能性，以及对实现目标方面的逐步进展的评估。	0
The evening continuation movement of the Northamptonshire County Council illustrates the third type.	北安普敦郡县议会的夜间持续运动说明了第三种类型。	2
The event attracts developers from all sides of the industry.	这项活动吸引了来自业界各个方面的开发商。	0
The event is sponsored by the National Institute on Media and the Family and Iowa State University.	这次活动由国家媒体和家庭研究所和爱荷华州立大学赞助。	0
The events were very successful both financially and socially.	这些活动在财政和社会两方面都非常成功。	0
The event will feature a Socialtext customer, The Department of the Premier and Cabinet in South Australia, who will share their experiences using social software with peers in attendance.	该活动将有一位 Socialtext 客户，即南澳大利亚总理和内阁，他们将与同行分享使用社交软件的经验。	1
The event will require two coordinators to organize the clubs and the sale of the raffle tickets.	活动将需要两名协调员组织俱乐部和出售抽奖门票。	1
The ever popular white flower was still perched in her hair.	这种受欢迎的白花仍然留在她的头发上。	1
The evidence we received was abundantly clear on this point.	我们收到的证据在这一点上非常清楚。	0
The evil eye in Christianity is considered to be one of the tools that the negative forces use in order to bring harm to Christian believers.	基督教中的邪恶眼睛被认为是消极势力用来伤害基督教信徒的工具之一。	1
The evolutionist stands staring in the painted cavern at the things that are too large to be seen and too simple to be understood.	这位不易理解的人站在画洞里盯着那些太大而难以理解的东西。	2
The exact dates and locations of their execution and burial are still unknown.	他们被处决和埋葬的确切日期和地点仍然不明。	0
The exact details of the settlement agreement were not made public.	和解协议的确切细节没有公布。	0
The examiner also thought I had flown well as I passed and I am now a Private Pilot!	考官还认为我在经过时飞行得很好，现在我是一名私人飞行员！	1
The exceptional Moon Knight figure from Marvel Select is a rare find and extremely expensive.	来自 Marvel Select 的杰出的月亮骑士人物是一个罕见的发现，而且极其昂贵。	2
The exciting this is that it is possible to earn rewards just by using your Citicards.	令人兴奋的是，只需使用您的 Citicards 即可获得奖励。	1
The Executive Director works with the finance committee and treasurer to develop the budget.	执行主任与财务委员会和司库合作编制预算。	1
The Executive MBA format positions you for significantly fewer times away from your home and office than you might expect on average once a month.	管理人员 MBA 格式使您的离家和办公室的时间比您预期的要少得多—平均每月一次。	0
The Executive shall also be entitled to such periods of sick leave as is customarily provided by the Company for its senior executive employees.	行政部门还有权享受本公司为其高级行政人员通常规定的病假。	1
The exercises are designed to help group members develop interactive skills, motivate individuals with poorer verbal skills to contribute to group discussions, and encourage group cohesiveness.	这些练习旨在帮助小组成员培养互动技能，激励语言技能较差的个人为小组讨论做出贡献，并鼓励小组凝聚力。	1
The existing student residential population on campus represents approximately 60 percent of undergraduates FTE students.	校园内现有的学生居住人口约占全日制学生总人数的 60% 。	0
The experience of the Ulster Unionist party is that timetables within timetables can lead to difficulties.	乌尔斯特联盟党的经验是，时间表内的时间表可能会导致困难。	2
The experience will still be faster than the original, but it will still require you to be methodical.	体验仍将比原始体验更快，但仍需要您有条不紊地进行。	1
The experiment was performed on three independent occasions.	试验是在三个独立的场合进行的。	0
The expression and secretion are increased by fasting and are decreased by feeding.	表达和分泌物通过禁食增加，通过喂养减少。	2
The expression on his face was of pure disbelief.	他脸上的表情完全是不相信的。	0
The extended ACIF Forecasts will now also include detailed information on capital cities and key regional markets, providing new visibility and credible business planning information for businesses of all sizes.	扩大后的 ACIF 预测现在还将包括关于资本城市和主要区域市场的详细信息，为各种规模的企业提供新的可见性和可信的业务规划信息。	0
The extension workers enter into discussion with the groups over the agroforestry activities to be undertaken, get targets per agreed activities, discuss inputs and agree on the role the group will play in the provision of required input.	推广人员就将要开展的农林业活动与各小组进行讨论，为每项商定活动确定目标，讨论投入，并商定该小组在提供所需投入方面将发挥的作用。	0
The extent to which consumers perceive and treat the goods as substitutable.	消费者对商品的认知程度以及将其视为可替代商品的程度。	0
The extent to which governments and other institutions go to allow freedom or suppress it is determined by those who are governed.	政府和其他机构在多大程度上允许自由或压制自由是由受治者决定的。	0
The extraction arm can be moved to many different positions with the help of one hand so its position is easily adapted to the work process.	借助一只手，可将抽吸臂移动到多个不同位置，以便其位置轻松适应工作流程。	1
The extreme difference between socialism and free markets.	社会主义和自由市场之间的极端差异。	0
The eyes are better with the depthness and darker shade than the first revamp.	与第一次翻新相比，眼睛更深，更暗的阴影更好。	2
The FAA does not agree with the request to revise the text.	安哥拉武装部队不同意修改案文的要求。	0
The fact is that this camera represents a heck of a lot of value given the relatively modest investment.	事实上，这款相机在相对较小的投资中代表了巨大的价值。	1
The fact of the matter is that there are illnesses that come with age, and this is something that really does need to be considered.	事实上，有一些疾病是随年龄而来的，这确实需要考虑。	0
The fact that ATI and Nvidia must waste their time trying to appease these idiots apparently keeps you happy at least.	ATI 和 Nvidia 必须浪费时间去安抚这些白痴，这一事实显然至少能让您开心。	1
The fact that Dream EXP peak and mode correlate significantly at beyond the .001 level, lends support for the validity of the EXP scale and concept, modified for use with dreams.	Dream EXP 峰值和模式的相关性远远超过了 .001 水平，这一事实为 EXP 的有效度和概念提供了支持，该扩展性扩展和概念经过修改，可用于 Dreams 。	1
The fact that most of the significant stenosis visualized at the early coronary angiogram could not be seen at the secondary angiogram makes the interpretation in the early postoperative period difficult.	在早期冠状动脉血管造影时所显示的大多数显著狭窄无法在次级血管造影中看到，这一事实使得术后早期的解释变得困难。	1
The fact that people may act on information is the poorest possible reason for not putting it out there.	人们可能根据信息采取行动这一事实是不把信息放在信息上的最贫穷的可能原因。	1
The fact that the entertainment industry is rife with violence is not likely to be widely contested.	娱乐业充斥着暴力，这一事实不可能引起广泛的争议。	2
The fact that the quality of work and the income it generates play an important role to get people out of the poverty trap is thereby forgotten.	因此，人们忘记了工作质量及其产生的收入对使人们摆脱贫困陷阱起着重要作用。	0
The fact that they have been forced to parse within an inch of their lives everytime they speak is an atrocity.	他们每次讲话都被迫在一英寸的生命中进行分析，这是一种暴行。	2
The fact that you are a UT grad has a lot to do with you proving yourself to us.	你是一个 UT 格拉德，这与你向我们证明自己有很大关系。	2
The faculty at Kinloch Park Elementary School will work cooperatively in order to comprise a curriculum that meets all the standards set forth by regional, state, and federal guidelines.	金洛克公园小学的教师将合作，以组成符合地区，州和联邦准则规定的所有标准的课程。	1
The Falkland Islands Development Plan made good progress.	福克兰群岛发展计划取得了良好进展。	0
The Fall colors should be at their peak for our cruise.	我们的巡游应该以秋天的颜色为高潮。	2
The family day sailing Regatta begins early Saturday morning.	Regatta 的家庭日航行于周六清晨开始。	0
The family piled in the car, and drove off onto the interstate with the moving van close behind.	这家人在车里偷了车，然后开车去了州际公路，车就在后面。	2
The Fang Trigger allows you to minimize trigger travel with two adjustment screws, and dual roller bearing design maximize your BPS like never before.	Fang Trigger 可让您通过两个调整螺钉最大限度地减少触发器行程，双滚柱轴承设计可使您的 BPS 达到前所未有的最大。	1
The faults and vices of some are attributed and laid to all.	有些人的过失和恶行归罪于所有人。	2
The feathers are only on the one side and the other side is mesh.	羽毛只在一边，另一边是网状的。	0
The features ive been waiting for are here!	我期待的功能都在这里！	0
The Federal Post Card Application form comes with its own set of general instructions.	联邦明信片申请表随附了一套通用说明。	0
The Fed raised interest rates again to preserve the value of the dollar.	美联储再次提高利率以保持美元价值。	0
The feedback provided will be used to correct or enhance existing and future web pages.	所提供的反馈将用于更正或增强现有和未来的网页。	1
The fee is to be paid for exclusively by the Member or Dependent, and the Plan shall have no liability for said extra services.	该费用只由会员或家属支付，计划对上述额外服务不承担任何责任。	1
The feeling I get before that burning feeling is the same feeling I get if my leg spasms and flops into an uncomfortable position at night.	在这种燃烧的感觉之前，我所得到的感觉与我在晚上的时候，如果我的腿在旋转和摆动到一个不舒服的位置时所得到的感觉一样。	2
The feelings startled him out of his misery, but as abruptly as he had noticed them, the strange sensations disappeared.	这种感觉使他从痛苦中惊醒了，但他注意到了这些痛苦，奇怪的感觉就消失了。	1
The feeling we have in our hearts about people who have abused children should be taken with the same context as those who would deliberately abuse the vulnerability of age.	我们心中对虐待儿童的人的感觉，应该与那些蓄意滥用年龄脆弱性的人的感受相同。	1
The fee will be adjusted if your child does not have an IFSP written for a full year.	如果您的孩子一整年都没有编写 IFSP ，则费用将会调整。	0
The fellow grew so pragmatical that he took upon him the government of my whole family.	这位同伴成长得非常务实，他把我全家的政府带到了他身边。	2
The Fellowship is open to all members of the Association.	该研究金向协会所有成员开放。	1
The fellowship turned around as one and saw a flash of soft golden hair as Haldir entered the hollow, focusing his eyes upon Legolas.	当哈利迪进入空心的时候，他的目光集中在勒古拉斯，他的研究金变成了一个整体，看到了一闪柔软的金色头发。	2
The fellow who sold it to me had found it in storage in a Midwestern barn.	把它卖给我的同伴发现它存放在中西部的一个谷仓里。	2
The Ferocactus herrerae is developed like a succulent plant.	Ferocactus herrerae 就像一个多汁的植物。	2
The festival takes place between October 6th and October 9th this year and should be great fun!	今年 10 月 6 日至 10 月 9 日举行的节日活动将会非常有趣！	0
The field of antiangiogenesis research has been met with some surprises, including the realization that tumor blood vessels are more complex and labile than expected.	抗血管新生研究领域遇到了一些意外，包括认识到肿瘤血管比预期更复杂，更难工作。	1
The fifth festival celebrates its first weekend in March, collecting firewood in the morning to a bonfire at night, upon the ingestion of a rich stew at noon prepared by women.	第五个节日庆祝三月的第一个周末，早晨在晚上拾柴火，中午在妇女准备的浓炖汤中摄取。	2
The fight against sexual violence and the reign of impunity are a growing concern for the United Nations.	打击性暴力和有罪不罚现象是联合国日益关切的问题。	0
The fight between Leah and I left me distraught after she stormed upstairs to her room.	莱亚和我之间的争斗让我在她上楼到她的房间后分心。	1
The figure grunted and headed to the back of elevator as he watched a middle aged woman walk inside with her nine year old son holding her hand.	当他看到一名中年妇女在她 9 岁的儿子手持手的情况下走进电梯时，这位男子开始向电梯后面走去。	2
The figure just stood there in a relaxed position and looked at the king of gods.	这位人物只是站在那里，放松地看着神的王。	2
The figure stepped out of the shadows and stood in front of her.	这一人物走出阴影，站在她面前。	2
The filing said the lenders would have priority on any asset sales by Sands' Venetian Macau unit.	该文件指出，贷款人将优先出售金沙威尼斯人澳门公司的任何资产。	0
The film is directed by Rustam Branaman and concerns five friends who head out of town for road trip to a summer concert.	这部电影由 Rustam Branaman 导演，涉及到前往出城前往夏季音乐会的五位朋友。	1
The film taken out of the stretching apparatus can be annealed if necessary, and spontaneous shrinkage during the storage can be inhibited by this annealing.	从拉伸装置中取出的胶片可在必要时进行退火，储存期间的自发收缩可通过退火来抑制。	1
The film tells of the fictional attack on a police precinct by the Street Thunder gang out for retribution for the death of their comrades...	影片讲述了 Thunder 街集团为了报复其同志死亡而对警察分局进行的虚构攻击 ...	1
The final product results in a clean metal fraction and a clean mixed plastic fraction.	最终产品会产生干净的金属碎片和干净的混合塑料碎片。	0
The final rules follow a comment period based on preliminary rules proposed in November of 2010.	最后规则是在 2010 年 11 月提出的初步规则基础上提出意见的期限之后制定的。	0
The final version is submitted in the last step of the process.	最终版本将在流程的最后一步中提交。	0
The Financial Crisis has an effect on all businesses large or small.	金融危机对所有大小企业都有影响。	0
The financial giant JPMorgan Chase has acknowledged a $2 billion loss on a complex investment package meant to hedge against other risks.	金融巨头摩根大通承认，一个旨在对冲其他风险的复杂投资方案损失了 20 亿美元。	0
The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest dollar unless otherwise stated.	除非另有说明，否则财务报表以新西兰元列报，所有数值均四舍五入为最接近的美元。	0
The finest nerve fibres and capillaries are seen in this specimen, and the transverse strise or markings on the elementary fibres are very distinct.	在这种标本中可以看到最好的神经纤维和毛细管，而基本纤维上的横切或标记非常明显。	1
The fine was levied under a federal whistleblower statute and was reportedly a record amount levied under that law.	这笔罚款是根据联邦举报人法规征收的，据报告，这笔罚款是根据该法征收的创纪录的数额。	0
The fingerlike pattern of the foothills was created by the erosive action of the several tributaries of the Tarna River system, flowing south.	山麓的类似指尖的模式是由向南流动的塔尔纳河系统的几个支流的侵蚀行动所造成的。	1
The firearm of claim 7 wherein the orientation of the spare magazine within the well is adapted to direct motion of the spare magazine from within the well to the active magazine receiver.	要求 7 的火器，其中备盘库在井内的方向被调整，以使备盘库从井内直接移动到活盘库接收器。	2
The fire that erupted in his torso spread throughout his limbs, and he choked.	他的躯干中爆发的火在他的四肢上蔓延，他唱起了歌。	2
The firm has developed a focus on nursing home abuse litigation and nursing home neglect.	该公司已将重点放在护理家庭虐待诉讼和护理家庭忽视上。	2
The firms do so precisely to mitigate price competition, but the induced heterogeneity in prices distorts purchases.	这些公司这样做正是为了缓解价格竞争，但由于价格的差异性，导致了采购的扭曲。	2
The first 100 attendees that purchase a book at the event from the attending authors will get a free SWAG Bag that includes an additional free promo book ,and other promo items.	第一批 100 名参加活动的作者在活动中购买书籍的与会者将获得一个免费的草条袋，其中包括一本额外的免费促销书籍和其他促销项目。	1
The first 4 may well have been superior to following caliphs because they carried the living memory of the Prophet in their minds, but they were not omnipotent.	前四名可能比跟随小脑更好，因为他们在脑海中留下了先知的生命记忆，但他们并不是万能的。	2
The first algae warning was posted on the lake two years ago, and since that time, several groups have banned together to help restore the lake.	两年前，第一次藻类警告被张贴在湖上，此后，几个团体共同禁止协助修复湖。	1
The first arbitrary sign Let us take a look at human speech.	第一个武断的标志让我们看一看人类的言论。	2
The first consideration is the extent to which the development of a national SALW policy and the intended, though not yet realised, subsequent review of SALW legisla- tion were relevant and appropriate initiatives.	第一个考虑因素是，制定一项国家小武器和轻武器政策以及随后对小武器和轻武器立法进行审查的打算（尽管尚未实现）在多大程度上是相关和适当的举措。	1
The first element you get with shopping on the web could be the comfort and enjoyment.	在网上购物的第一个因素可能是舒适和享受。	1
The first group of properties displayed is labeled architecture properties.	显示的第一组属性为标记的体系结构属性。	0
The first issue to consider is the quality of the trampoline.	第一个要考虑的问题是蹦床的质量。	0
The first is the warmth and depth of our ties to other people.	第一个是我们与他人的温暖和深厚的联系。	0
The first ones to go by were the musicians who played at the fiesta.	第一个要经过的是在节日期间演奏的音乐家。	1
The first one which I reviewed earlier on amazon was on diagnostic testing and this one is to analyze measures of agreement among judges.	我之前在亚马逊上查看的第一个测试是诊断测试，这一测试是分析法官之间达成一致的度量。	1
The first picture is of an orb in Huguenot Cemetery.	第一张照片是 Huguenot 公墓的一只小牛。	1
The first place is usually through the mail that the person has received over a period of time.	第一个地方通常是通过该人在一段时间内收到的邮件。	2
The first real draft is written in pencil on pages from a legal pad, and, reading it now, I am surprised to find that it already has the same basic shape as the final version.	第一稿是用铅笔写在一张法律小板上的页面上，现在阅读它，我很惊讶地发现它已经具有与最后稿相同的基本形状。	1
The first session is a chance for you to see if this type of counselling suits you and plan the way forward.	第一部分是您了解此类辅导是否适合您的机会，并规划前进方向。	0
The first step is to commit to improving your feeling of self worth.	第一步是致力于改善您的自我价值感。	1
The first storm of the 2010 Pacific hurricane season, Agatha originated from the Intertropical Convergence Zone, which is a region of thunderstorms across the tropics.	2010 年太平洋飓风季节的第一场风暴是阿加莎，它来自热带地区的融合区，这是热带地区的雷暴地区。	2
The first tackles discrimination on the grounds of race or ethnic origin in the workplace and outside.	第一个问题涉及工作场所内外基于种族或族裔出身的歧视。	0
The first then turned toward the Hilton Head shore, so did the second.	然后，第一个向希尔顿黑德海岸方向行驶，第二个向希尔顿黑德海岸方向行驶。	2
The first time I recognized I was not paying appropriate attention while driving and answering my cell phone, I stopped answering it during driving.	我第一次发现自己在驾驶和应答手机时没有给予适当的注意时，我在驾驶过程中停止了应答。	2
The first two floors are provided with battlements for firearms and the third used as a bell, is open to all parties.	前两层有火器的战场，第三层用作警铃，对各方开放。	2
The first up Galway gets preference and we must go into the loop.	第一个“上行”会得到优先选择，我们必须进入循环。	1
The first visitor in the group to make a definite movement towards an exhibit element was then selected as the sole target for tracking.	该组中第一位朝着展览元素方向明确移动的访客随后被选为唯一的跟踪目标。	1
The first weekend in October provides another special opportunity.	10 月的第一个周末提供了另一个特殊的机会。	0
The fiscal impact of tariff reductions shall also be moderate for the same reason.	出于同样的原因，降低关税的财政影响也应是温和的。	0
The fish life cannot be forgotten, plenty of trevallies, jacks and mackerel come close to look for prey, the area is protected and already juvenile grey reefs are becoming more common.	鱼的生命是不可忘记的，许多树梢，杰克和鲭鱼都在附近寻找猎物，该地区受到保护，已经是幼灰暗礁变得越来越常见。	1
The fitness niche is huge with a lot of people spending big bucks to bulk up and get fit.	健身中心很大，很多人花了大笔钱来锻炼身体。	0
The flattened terminals are more pronounced on the side of the cross closest to the blade.	平展接线端子在最靠近桨叶的十字侧更明显。	0
The fluid, which is completely clear in healthy people, is tested to detect the presence of bacteria or blood.	对于健康的人来说，这种液体是完全透明的，它经过测试，以检测是否存在细菌或血液。	1
The flux fo represents the allocation of resources to all other parts of the plant, or resources that are used or lost in other ways.	通量表示将资源分配给工厂的所有其他部分，或以其他方式使用或丢失的资源。	0
The focus is an Altar the center of which stands the tabernacle with a monstrance displaying the Blessed Sacrament (as experienced during a Benediction Service).	焦点是一个祭坛，它的中心是一个以圣礼的祭坛，展示了圣礼（正如在圣礼期间所经历的）。	2
The focus of the document is the oscillating reaction subset of the broad area of nonlinear dynamics.	该文档的重点是非线性动态的广泛领域的振荡反应子集。	0
The focus was on equal access to elementary education in small and inaccessible habitations; and NFE was to mainstream children in these locations.	重点是在小型和无法进入的居住环境中平等获得初等教育；非正规教育将使这些地方的儿童主流化。	2
The following is a list of extended stay and temporary corporate housing providers in Bombay: We are sorry, but there are no online members providing furnished apartments or corporate suites in Bombay.	以下是孟买长期住宿和临时公司住房提供商的名单：很抱歉，但在孟买没有在线会员提供带家具的公寓或公司套房。	1
The following types of computers must be qualified under Guideline A.	以下类型的计算机必须符合准则 A 的要求	1
The food collected will be dedicated during of transition for the music ministry and for our church. worship on Harvest Ingathering Sunday, November 18.	收集的食物将在过渡期间专门用于音乐部和我们的教堂。 11 月 18 日星期日在 Harvest Ingathering 敬拜。	2
The food is authentic and Thai cookery schools are also available.	这里的食物很正宗，还有泰国烹饪学校。	0
The food is really good and cheaper than a lot of the other restaurants, even the ones that offer discounts.	这里的食物真的很好，而且比很多其他餐厅都便宜，甚至是那些提供折扣的餐厅。	0
The food itself should be a proprietary dog food with all the essential nutrients a dog needs to keep him healthy.	食物本身应该是一种专有的狗食，有狗只保持健康所需的所有基本营养。	2
The food technology area needs to be developed.	粮食技术领域需要发展。	0
The food was poor as well as the crew friendliness and entertainment.	食物很差，员工很友好，娱乐也很好。	1
The force of such unsettling movement, was causing fragile objects to rattle under the fierceness of the wielder.	这种不安的运动的力量正在造成脆弱的物体在长辈的激烈下嘎嘎作响。	2
The force of the explosion not only tore the Rancher apart, but also threw the Infernus out into the middle of the street and onto its roof.	爆炸的力量不仅使拉那烈人分崩离析，而且还将英菲尔诺斯扔到了街道的中间，并把它扔到了屋顶上。	1
The force of two objects is 500 newtons suppose the distance stayed the same but the mass of one dounled what would be the new force of gravitational attraction be?	两个物体的力量是 500 新吨，假设距离保持不变，但一个物体的重量是多少，引力吸引力的新力量是什么？	2
The forest is now much more important than any given tree.	森林现在比任何一棵树都重要得多。	2
The Forevermark The Forevermark Discover the story behind the creation of a new promise in diamonds.	福尔弗马克 · 福尔弗马克 · 探索在钻石领域创造新承诺背后的故事。	2
The Forex market is open twenty four hours a day, but specific markets have set trading times.	外汇市场每天 24 小时开放，但特定市场规定了交易时间。	0
The Forum believes that an integrated and cohesive approach is needed across the EU territory.	论坛认为，需要在整个欧盟领土上采取综合和一致的办法。	0
The founder of the system, Homma Munehisa went on to gain Japanese acclaim as an honorary samurai for his trading prestige.	这一制度的创立者 Homma Munehisa 因其贸易声望而赢得了日本的荣誉武士称号。	1
The founders bring to the table a wealth... brands, then boosts them to the next level by applying a smart mix of tools and skills.	创始人将财富 ... 品牌带到桌面，然后通过应用智能工具和技能组合将其提升到新的水平。	2
The fourth condition is that individual or collaborative plans for the subactions are known.	第四个条件是子行动的个人或协作计划是已知的。	0
The fourth egg was laid four days after the third, so I imagine it will be a few more days before it pips.	第四个蛋是在第三个蛋之后四天铺的，所以我想它会比它多几天。	2
The fourth was that all representatives from the international trade union organisations should be elected, according to the number of membership of each union.	第四个问题是，国际工会组织的所有代表都应根据每个工会的成员数目选出。	1
The Freedom of Information means exactly what it says, we have had enough of this petty secrecy, we are now living in the 21st Century.	信息自由正是它所说的，我们已经拥有了足够的这种小秘密，我们现在生活在 21 世纪。	2
The free Message Sticks Indigenous Film Festival featured 13 short films as well as the premiere of Crocodile Dreaming starring David Gulpilil.	免费的信息棒土著电影节有 13 部短片以及由大卫 · 古尔皮利主演的鳄鱼梦首映。	1
The freighter pulled into dock and cargos of supplies appeared as if by magic.	货轮进入码头，补给品看起来像魔幻般的。	2
The fridge is fully stocked so you can cook breakfast at a time that suits you, then we do the dishes.	冰箱储备充足，您可以在适合自己的时间做早餐，然后我们为您做菜肴。	1
The friendly and helpful staff of the Montrose Ford Fairlawn Finance Department are ready to answer your questions regarding car loans, auto financing, lease options and APR rates for new and used vehicles.	Montrose Ford Fairlawn Finance Department 的员工热情友好，乐于助人，随时准备回答您有关新车和二手车的汽车贷款，汽车融资，租赁选项和 APR 价格的问题。	0
The friend wanted Amos to tell the whole village the things Amos had been telling him.	朋友想让阿莫斯告诉整个村庄阿莫斯告诉他的事情。	1
The front of the subway car flashed into a light and went upwards onto the platform knocking all the pillars down with nothing stopping it.	地铁前面闪着一盏灯，上到平台上敲下所有的柱子，没有什么阻挡它的。	1
The frustration and triumph of dealing with the Gambling King.	与赌王打交道的沮丧和胜利。	0
The fry basket has a device whereby it can be lowered into the hot oil with the lid closed, eliminating the chances of getting burned by spattering oil.	炸篮有一个装置，可以在盖子关闭的情况下将其降入热油中，从而消除了因喷溅油而燃烧的可能性。	0
The functions of the WAIRC are not concerned with the placement of personnel.	该中心的职能与人员安置无关。	1
The Fund is financed by the contributions of all insurance undertakings and makes payments of claims and sums assured to the insurance creditors of the companies under bankruptcy procedures.	该基金的资金来自所有保险企业的缴款，并根据破产程序向公司的保险债权人支付索偿款和款项。	0
The Funky Hog Gallery download is hosted on Softpicks fast and free storage server.	Hunky Hog Gallery 下载托管在 SoftPicks 快速和免费存储服务器上。	0
The furnace is attached to the machine by a metal feed system called a gooseneck.	熔炉通过一个称为鹅颈管的金属送料系统连接到机器上。	0
The future A new system of governance that does not follow a competitive hierarchical model will need to employ stigmergy in most of its working systems.	未来，一个不遵循竞争性等级模式的新的治理制度，将需要在其大多数工作制度中采用轻率。	2
The gable of the roof line is repeated in a smaller gable over the front door, which is carved to look like it has 6 raised panels.	车顶线条的凸起在前车门上的一个较小的凸起中重复，其雕刻看起来像它有 6 个凸起的面板。	2
The game remained scoreless until the third quarter, when KU gained a total of 13 points by kicking two field goals and scoring one touchdown.	直到第三季度， Ku 以 2 个球和 1 个触球的成绩共获得 13 分，比赛依然没有被人嘲笑。	2
The gaming device includes a primary game operable upon a wager by a player, and a secondary game, wherein a play provides a gaming element for the secondary game.	游戏设备包括一个主要游戏（由玩家在玩家的游戏上操作）和一个次要游戏（其中一个游戏为次要游戏提供了游戏元素）。	2
The gang members were then arrested by the police.	The gang members were then arrested by the police.	2
The Gazette reported that the number of violating companies was highest in Makkah with 50 companies and establishments, followed by Jeddah with 41 and Madinah with 27.	据《政府公报》报道， Makkah 的违规公司数量最多，有 50 家公司和机构，其次是吉达， 41 家， Madinah ， 27 家。	1
The GED administrator of Puerto Rico recently signed up 250 students by going to a mall for a week.	波多黎各的 GED 管理员最近在一个购物中心注册了 250 名学生，为期一周。	2
The geese apparently had the same idea, because an enormous flock of them was tucked into the rocks along the shore.	这两个鹅显然也有同样的想法，因为他们中的一大群人被藏在海岸边的岩石中。	2
The geese were back on the lawn 10 minute after I used the product and have continued to try to stay on the lawn.	在我使用产品 10 分钟后，鹅又回到了草坪上，并继续试图留在草坪上。	1
The General Lee has did his great work for this year and has made a lot of people happy.	李将军今年做了很多工作，使很多人感到高兴。	0
The general perception of change over the last two years was that most community services and opportunities had not changed much.	过去两年来对变革的普遍看法是，大多数社区服务和机会并没有发生很大的变化。	1
The generations that read our magazine shall be inspired and learn to do great.	阅读我们杂志的几代人将受到鼓舞，学会做得好。	1
The Generic Access Module handles the management model defined at customization time for a specific equipment.	通用访问模块处理在自定义时为特定设备定义的管理模型。	2
The genjutsu and fuinjutsu would disappear the moment she was killed leaving no chakra traces as well.	当她被杀时，生殖器和引信将消失，也不留下任何 chakra 痕迹。	2
The geometrical relations between the components of the metric tensor are inviolable.	公制张量器组件之间的几何关系是不可侵犯的。	1
The German mission is part of European efforts to help curb weapons smuggling into Gaza.	德国特派团是欧洲帮助遏制武器走私进入加沙的努力的一部分。	1
The girl grew older, yet she could not partake her social duties and take her place in the society.	女孩长大了，但她不能承担社会责任，在社会中担任自己的职位。	1
The girl has been keeping tabs on me and she is not happy.	那个女孩一直在我身上保持着标签，她不高兴。	2
The girl just furrowed her brow towards her and Kiako gave her forehead a small smack.	这名女孩只是朝她的额头狂扫，而 Kiako 却给了她一个小的前额。	2
The girls have all actually ran in AA making the rankings easier to do.	这些女孩实际上都在 AA 中跑步，因此排名更容易。	2
The girl shook her head, clearing her memory and bringing her back to the real world.	这位女孩摇头，为她扫清了记忆，并将她带回了现实世界。	0
The girls met the boys by the water fountain in the middle of the city.	The girls met the boys by the water fountain in the middle of the city.	2
The girl wanted to snog him and he was prepared to show her what he was all about.	那个女孩想打他的势，他准备向她展示他的一切。	2
The girl wondered what was making the pair so jumpy.	这位女孩想知道是什么让这对孩子如此混乱。	1
The glass & sliding door to the balcony should be doubled glazed as the street noise late at night and early in the morning prevented a good nights sleep.	阳台上的玻璃和滑动门应该双层玻璃，因为深夜和清晨的街道噪音阻碍了良好的睡眠。	2
The global demand for energy and transportation is met largely through the combustion of fossil fuels, a major source of greenhouse gases and criteria pollutants.	全球对能源和运输的需求主要通过化石燃料的燃烧来满足，化石燃料是温室气体和标准污染物的主要来源。	1
The glycerin filter present on these things is a superb cause of its popularity.	这些东西上的甘油过滤网是其受欢迎的一个极好的原因。	0
The goal is to get students who are not leading active lifestyles to find activities that interest them and then become more excited about their personal health and wellness.	目标是让那些没有积极生活方式的学生找到他们感兴趣的活动，然后对他们的个人健康和健康更加兴奋。	2
The gods have also provided inspiration to many visual artists through the centuries.	几个世纪以来，神也为许多视觉艺术家提供了灵感。	0
The gods of Creation and Destruction were complementary elements of the Hindu universe.	创造和毁灭的神是印度教宇宙的补充要素。	1
The Golden Trio were sitting on the velvet armchairs of the Gryffindor common room.	金色三人坐在格里芬德厅的天鹅绒扶手椅上。	1
The Google Chrome Webstore offers an extensive variety of options for personalizing a browser.	Google Chrome Webstore 为浏览器个性化提供了多种选项。	0
The Gordon Estate residents have a very strong sense of community.	戈登庄园的居民有着非常强烈的社区意识。	0
The Government had assigned the task of conducting the study to the Crime Victim Compensation and Support Authority, which in turn commissioned Professor Eva Lundgren and Associate Professor Gun Heimer at Uppsala University to carry out the study.	政府已将开展这项研究的任务交给犯罪受害者赔偿和支助局，该局又委托乌普萨拉大学的 Eva Lundgren 教授和 Gun Heimer 副教授进行这项研究。	1
The Government had made great efforts to address their situation since, economically, rural women depended totally on male family members and had no inheritance rights and no economic control over the goods they produced.	政府为解决她们的处境做出了巨大努力，因为在经济上，农村妇女完全依赖男性家庭成员，没有继承权，也没有对她们生产的商品的经济控制。	0
The government in Beijing also promised to strengthen food safety laws, explaining that the dairy products were adulterated with melamine to artificially boost protein levels.	北京政府还承诺加强食品安全法律，并解释说，乳制品被掺杂三聚氰胺，以人为提高蛋白质水平。	0
The Government of Uruguay also determined that it would suspend the operations of four private domestic banks.	乌拉圭政府还决定暂停四家私人国内银行的业务。	1
The government should be ready to cushion the effects of deregulation on the poor masses.	政府应该做好准备，减轻放松管制对穷人的影响。	0
The govt will have to do something about it finally, notwithstanding I have as much right to drive a nano on the road as anyone else.	尽管我和其他人一样有权利在路上驾驶一辆纳米汽车，但政府最终还是要做一些事情。	2
The graceful figure of his brother merely stared at him.	他兄弟的优雅形象只是盯着他。	1
The Grand Pasundan Convention Hotel in Bandung is one of the most impressive places to put up.	万隆的 Grand Pasundan Convention Hotel 是最令人印象深刻的地方之一。	0
The grantee will ensure that adequate routine and emergency veterinary care for all canines is provided.	承授人将确保为所有松树提供足够的日常及紧急兽医护理。	1
The graph shows how competition between brands that are of the same product type varies as the di erence in their alcohol contents increases.	该图显示了相同产品类型的品牌之间的竞争如何随酒精含量增加而变化。	1
The great hallmark of American democracy is that we are free to follow our passions, express our individualism and pursue our dreams.	美国民主的伟大标志是，我们可以自由地追随我们的激情，表达我们的个人主义，追求我们的梦想。	0
The great room has a vaulted ceiling with gas fireplace and dining area.	大房间有拱形天花板，有燃气壁炉和用餐区。	0
The Greek edition went into circulation a few months later and was presented in October 1991 by the academician Michael Sakellariou at an event held at the Panorama Cultural Society.	希腊文版在几个月后发行， 1991 年 10 月由学者迈克尔 · 萨凯拉利奥在全景文化协会举行的一个活动上发表。	0
The Green Team Our grade turns off the computers when were not in the classroom.	绿色团队我们的年级在不在教室时关闭计算机。	2
The group had made it past the fence and was moving closer to the house.	这群人把它穿过围栏，并移近房子。	1
The group is dedicated to raising funds, support and awareness to reduce the numbers of young people facing long term unemployment.	该小组致力于筹集资金，支持和提高认识，以减少长期失业的年轻人人数。	0
The group met up at the excavation site and carpooled over, and we had to wait a while before they could start the procedure.	小组在挖掘现场开会，集合起来，我们等了一段时间才开始程序。	2
The group started rallying late yesterday on word the government was formulating a new plan to shore up banks.	该集团于昨天晚些时候开始对政府正在制定一项新的计划来支撑银行展开激烈的竞争。	1
The guards nodded and took off as fast as their legs would carry them.	The guards noded and took off as fast as their legs would carry them.	2
The guidelines will require an apprenticeship program in which budding artists must work with licensed professionals before they are eligible for their own licenses, King said.	国王说，这些指导方针将要求一项学徒计划，在这项计划中，新生艺术家必须与持牌专业人员合作，才能获得自己的执照。	1
The guides and boat are all Transport Canada certified and carry all the appropriate safety and sailing equipment.	导游和船只都经过加拿大运输公司的认证，并携带所有适当的安全和航行设备。	0
The guides drove us out in the van and after the tour we had lunch on the porch.	导游开车带我们出去，游览结束后我们在门廊吃了午餐。	0
The guy did not look or sound like the kind of person easily persuaded to make a decision based on flattery.	这家伙的外表和声音都不像那种容易说服的人那样根据散射做出决定。	2
The guy in the yellow shorts was too busy to see what was going on in the pool, still with his hands all over Emie, who was now starting to cry silently with her head lowered.	黄色短裤里的那个家伙太忙了，看不到泳池里发生了什么事情，他的手仍在 Emie 的整个地方，而 Emie 现在开始默默地哭着，她的头被放下了。	2
The guys caught their limit throwing Saltwater Tackle Halographic minnows and LSU Chubs.	这些家伙抓住了极限投掷盐水解决方案 Halographic Minnows 和 LSU Chubs 。	2
The guys looked over at Troy who had a slightly pained look on his face.	这些家伙望着特洛伊，他的脸看起来有点痛苦。	1
The guy that has been watching the three turned to his left and started to walk away.	一直看着这三个人的那个人向左转，开始走了。	1
The guy was wearing a racer jacket, which had logos of all different bigges right from AMD to Vodafone.	这名男子身穿赛车外套，有从 AMD 到 Vodafone 的各种大哥的徽标。	2
The guy who makes awesome models or the mediocre guy who is just doing his job for the cash?	制作超棒模型的人或只是为了现金而做工作的平庸人？	2
The Hammersley iron and Palabora copper projects were brought to fruition.	Hammersley 铁和 Palabora 铜项目取得了成果。	1
The handbook will not be published on the website.	该手册将不会在网站上公布。	0
The handle sides are formed with elongated outwardly bulged contoured respective palm engaging portions for right or left handed grip engagement.	手柄侧面采用外伸长的凸起轮廓形成，各自的手掌啮合部分可用于右侧或左侧手柄啮合。	0
The handles may be inline with the blade or offset.	手柄可以与刀片对齐或偏置。	0
The hardest battle was to keep on living.	最艰难的斗争是继续生活。	0
The hardest time for me is during cross country or baseball season.	对我来说，最困难的时间是越野或棒球赛季。	1
The hardware interrupt will not be influenced by the counter or the mask.	硬件中断不受计数器或掩码的影响。	0
The have begun to narrow as well, reminiscent of time when he had first witnessed this new side of her- the day of the first Prelim, Chuunin Exams.	他们也开始缩小范围，让人想起了他第一次看到她的这一新一面的时候——第一个普雷利姆（ Chuunin ）考试的那一天。	1
The HCG will be the way that people can get the system of diet that will keep themselves healthy and get the best weight that people wanted.	HCG 将是人们获得保持自身健康并获得人们想要的最佳体重的饮食体系的方式。	1
The headlines for news items published during this month are listed below.	本月发布的新闻标题如下。	0
The headlines link to news articles provided by Washington State and world news organizations.	标题与华盛顿州和世界新闻组织提供的新闻文章有联系。	0
The Healing Fields was also awarded first place in the NPPA Best of Photojournalism News contest and nominated for a national Emmy.	在 NPPA 最佳摄影新闻竞赛中，海灵场也获得了第一名，并被提名为国家埃米尔。	1
The health and safety of customers is a key priority to Lloydspharmacy.	客户的健康和安全是劳埃德斯皮尔西的一个关键优先事项。	0
The Health for Kids awards programme recognises the efforts that many people in schools, community groups and voluntary organisations are continually putting in to helping children learn how to be healthy.	儿童健康奖方案承认学校，社区团体和志愿组织中的许多人不断努力帮助儿童学会如何健康。	2
The Health Information Consultant Senior will be responsible for identifying opportunities to improve member health through analysis of data and transforming business intelligence ...	健康信息顾问高级将负责通过分析数据和改变商业智能来确定改善成员健康的机会 ...	1
The healthy mind is one of the effects of the healthy body.	健康的头脑是健康身体的影响之一。	1
The highest risk is among those born small but who attained the highest BMI in adulthood.	风险最高的是那些出生小但在成年时达到最高 BMI 的人。	1
The Highland Pony is the largest and the strongest of the British Mountain and Moorland ponies.	高地小马是英格兰山脉和摩尔兰小马中最大，最强的。	1
The highlight is over the car on the left.	亮点在左侧的汽车上方。	1
The highlight of the stay was when a ghost entered in our room at aroud 1 am while we were asleep.	这次住宿的亮点是，当我们睡觉的时候，一个鬼在凌晨 1 点进入我们的房间。	2
The high quality performance and ultra professional staff at 5 Dimes Sportsbook ensures that players are always treated to an extraordinary online gambling experience.	5 款运动版的高品质表现和超级专业的员工确保玩家始终获得非凡的在线赌博体验。	2
The high ridges are still lean on snow, thanks to transport by wind, so you will want to reduce the speed and how deep you carve those skis.	由于风能带来的运输，高山脊仍在雪地上稀树，因此您将想要降低速度以及雪橇的深度。	2
The high specific activity of LAMY, compared with that of BLA, may be related to its original amino acid sequence that conserves Tyr and Asp at amino acids 135 and 192, respectively.	与 BLA 相比， Lamy 的高特异性活性可能与其最初的氨基酸序列有关，该序列分别在氨基酸 135 和 192 中保持 Tyr 和 ASP 。	1
The History Of Arcade Games Gaming today is a recognized element of our cultural scenery, even to people who are over thirty or who can barely recall the time before arcade games were invented.	如今的拱廊游戏历史是我们文化景观的一个公认元素，即使是 30 多人或几乎不记得街机游戏发明前的时间。	2
The history of this grape is rather interesting and the researches done have finally allowed to clear the doubts about this powerful red grape seemed to conceal in every berry.	这种葡萄的历史相当有趣，所做的研究最终消除了人们对这种强大的红葡萄的疑虑，这种怀疑似乎隐藏在每一颗浆果中。	1
The HLTF is composed of five ASEAN senior officials, two ASEAN directors general and three former ambassadors.	高级别工作组由五名东盟高级官员，两名东盟局长和三名前大使组成。	0
The holap procedure involves a developing males would have not been around the vlap ethanol injection and dribbling pain .	HOLAP 程序涉及一名正在发展的男性，他们可能不会在灌注乙醇和滴滴疼痛周围。	2
The Honda has faults, but it is a successful attempt to make a better motorcycle out of the Custom theme, and for that Honda should be applauded.	本田有缺陷，但它是一个成功的尝试，试图从“定制”主题中创造出更好的摩托车，因此本田应该受到赞扬。	0
The horizontal lines in each singlet state are vibrational energy levels.	每种单列状态中的水平线都是振动能量水平。	1
THE HORSERACE Polls have shown Quinn with a big lead, but that was before heavy criticism of Quinn for releasing some violent prisoners early to save money.	这种激烈的民意调查显示， Quinn 有很大的领先地位，但在这之前， Quinn 对提前释放一些暴力囚犯以节省资金的做法提出了强烈的批评。	0
The hospital in Jiuzhaikou was well below standard and I refused to be admitted.	九寨沟医院远远低于标准，我拒绝入院。	0
The hosts broke away at the sound of a disgruntled moan.	主人在一个不满的抱怨声中冲出来。	1
The Hotel Bolivar is a centrally located Rome hotel in Piazza Venezia.	玻利瓦尔酒店是位于威尼斯广场的罗马中心酒店。	0
The Hotel had a wonderful view, over the marina and the breakfast was exceptional.	酒店的景色很美，可以俯瞰码头，早餐也很棒。	0
The hotel is a great location for exploring the west coast of Scotland and is within easy reach of Glasgow Airport and tmain routes to the West Coast, Ayrshire, The Borders and Edinburgh.	酒店地理位置优越，适合游览苏格兰西海岸，到格拉斯哥机场和西海岸，艾尔郡，边境和爱丁堡的主要路线都很方便。	0
The hotel is member of Moscow Marriott Hotels Collection.	酒店是莫斯科万豪酒店系列的会员。	0
The hotel overlooks the Arabian Sea and offers traditional Goan hospitality.	酒店俯瞰阿拉伯海，提供传统的 Goan 式的热情服务。	2
The hotel points credit card offers imply can be changed for free hotel stays, credit card rebates an so on.	酒店积分信用卡优惠意味着可以更改免费酒店住宿，信用卡折扣等。	0
The hotel was nicer than any she had stayed in across Europe, most just little more than a room with a communal bathroom and the only view she had was the person next to her.	这家酒店比她在欧洲住过的酒店都要好，最重要的只是一个有公共浴室的房间，她唯一的视野是她旁边的人。	0
The hotel was situated perfectly in the city center and once found, easy to lacate again.	酒店坐落在市中心，一旦找到，很容易再次找到。	1
The house now standing on the place was built by Silas Dean some time before the revolution.	现在站在这个地方的房子是在革命前的一段时间里由西拉斯 · 迪恩建造的。	1
The house was fully equipped to cook our Thanksgiving dinner.	酒店设施齐全，可以烹饪我们的感恩节晚餐。	0
The HTML and CSS files for this interface can be customized with any web editing tools.	此界面的 HTML 和 CSS 文件可以使用任何 Web 编辑工具进行自定义。	0
The hypothesis grounding the scorecard methodology is that the reason why the services are so poor is because government agencies are not enmeshed in an effective incentive structure.	记分卡方法所依据的假设是，服务如此差的原因是政府机构没有被有效的激励结构所融合。	1
The idea behind it is that the worms will give the body something different to do rather than attack itself.	它背后的想法是，蠕虫会给身体带来不同的东西，而不是攻击自己。	2
The idea behind the new Ferretti Altura Line is to provide absolute comfort and ample spaces that make mid to long journeys a pleasure, with particularly nautical furnishings.	新的 Ferretti Altura Line 背后的理念是提供绝对舒适和宽敞的空间，让中长途旅行变得愉快，尤其是航海家具。	1
The idea of a membership fee stands in direct opposition to everything a forum represents.	会费的概念直接反对论坛所代表的一切。	1
The idea of sacrificing the society to promote the welfare of an individual is not one that has been the basis of the advance of the West.	牺牲社会促进个人福祉的想法不是西方进步的基础。	0
The ideas that you have go through in this post could be all you need to better handle your diabetes mellitus, but still find some time to have a wonderful lifestyle.	你在这篇文章中所经历的想法可能是你需要的一切 , 更好地处理你的糖尿病 , 但仍然找到一些时间有美好的生活方式 .	2
The Idea The traditional historiography of the ERA includes a picture in which the White community was divided over whether or not to extend rights to White women.	The idea the traditional historiography of the era includes a picture in which the White community was divided over whether or not to extend rights to White women.	2
The illustration below shows how modifying the font style will chance the appearance of the barcode in your document.	下图显示了修改字体样式将如何在文档中显示条形码。	1
The illustration below was taken from a piece of work c1830, and intended for a sachet or handbag.	下面的插图取自一件工作 c1830 ，用于袋装或手提包。	2
The ILP condemns the Stalinist leadership for its betrayal of the Indian people; but in what does this betrayal consist?	国际劳工党谴责斯大林主义领导人背叛印度人民；但这种背叛是什么组成的？	0
The image above shows a terry cloth bath towel at high spin speed actually penetrating the water exit holes of the washing drum.	上图所示为一条高速旋转的毛巾，它实际上穿透了清洗鼓的出水孔。	1
The images here should give you a flavour of what kind of angles you can get from the location.	这里的图片应该让你感受到从这个位置可以得到的角度。	1
The implementation of such strategies will only work if those who are spearheading it are confident of mass public support.	只有在那些带头实施这一战略的人相信大众支持的情况下，这种战略的实施才会起作用。	1
The importance of good governance and leadership was stressed in the context of providing the enabling framework to drive change, aid water organisations in overcoming challenges, and help the water industry to grow.	在提供推动变革的有利框架，协助水组织克服挑战和帮助水产业发展的背景下，强调了善政和领导的重要性。	0
The importance of location in minimising the likelihood of adverse impacts highlights the value of site selection and strategic planning.	地点在尽量减少不利影响的可能性方面的重要性突出了场地选择和战略规划的价值。	2
The importance of this decision has lifelong effects and warrants thoughtful consideration.	这一决定的重要性具有终生影响，值得深思熟虑。	0
The important part is that you give yourself a time limit that you keep to which is realistic.	重要的是，您给自己一个符合实际要求的时间限制。	1
The important tabs are given both above and at the bottom on the right hand side.	重要选项卡位于右侧的上方和底部。	0
The imprisoned practitioners are given injections to induce heart failure.	被监禁的医生被注射以诱发心力衰竭。	1
The inability to control for changes in spending may seem particularly troublesome.	无法控制支出的变化似乎特别令人担忧。	1
The incidence of amoebic dysentary is very high in areas devoid of proper sanitary facilities.	在缺乏适当卫生设施的地区，阿莫巴痢疾病的发病率非常高。	0
The income tax was introduced in Great Britain in 1799.	英国于 1799 年开始征收所得税。	0
The increasing complexity of supply chains allows fraudsters to escape while the victim is left in confusion, trying to figure out where along the line the fraud was committed.	供应链日益复杂，使欺诈者得以逃脱，而受害者则陷入混乱，试图弄清欺诈行为是在哪里发生的。	0
The independent innovation effect of commercial banks should exclude the expenses on risks.	商业银行的独立创新效应应排除风险支出。	1
The individual also may need to lean on an object to support the body weight and maintain balance.	个人还可能需要靠在物体上以支撑体重并保持平衡。	0
The individual is constantly evoking positive life responses, enabling him to accomplish at 1000 times or more the level of the normal human being.	个人不断地唤起积极的生活反应，使他能够以 1000 倍或以上的水平完成正常的人类生活。	2
The individual responsible for planning and controlling the use of the Army Food Management Information System and Subsistence Prime Vendor Interpreter hardware and software.	负责规划和控制军队食品管理信息系统和维持生计总理口译员硬件和软件使用的个人。	1
The Inferno grill insert is manufactured with heavy gauge stainless steel and it installs in minutes over your existing grill with simple hex key fasteners.	Inferno 格栅嵌件由重型不锈钢制成，通过简单的六角扳手紧固件，可在数分钟内安装在现有格栅上。	0
The influence and importance of the writings of Maximus were not confined to the East alone.	马西姆斯的著作的影响力和重要性并不局限于东方。	0
The influence that one aspect of the underrepresented minority student experience has on another in students' decisions to leave the UW suggests that change must be aimed in several directions.	代表不足的少数群体学生经验的一个方面对学生决定离开大学的另一个方面的影响表明，变革必须以几个方向为目标。	2
The initiative proposed here seeks to address these aspects of teacher education.	这里提出的倡议旨在解决教师教育的这些方面。	0
The injury may result directly from the device or from subsequent intervention.	伤害可能直接由设备或后续干预造成。	0
The Inner Rainbow Child feeling the body delights in every breath.	内彩虹儿童在每一次呼吸中都能感受到身体的愉悦。	2
The inserts themselves come in a variety of inner textures to enhance your sexual experience.	插件本身具有多种内部纹理，可增强您的性体验。	0
The inside back page is a letters page, where readers can write letters into the comic.	内页是一个字母页，读者可以在其中将字母写在漫画中。	1
The institutes expect the ECB to raise its key interest rates by another 25 basis points to 4% this summer.	研究所预计欧洲央行今年夏天将把其主要利率再提高 25 个基点，达到 4% 。	0
The instructor comments on the draft and returns it to the students in week three.	讲师对草稿进行评论，并在第 3 周内将其返回给学生。	0
The instructor must provide a statement of the work to be completed to the head of the academic unit.	讲师必须向学术单位负责人提供要完成的工作说明。	0
The instructor should show you: how to use the equipment warm up and cool down exercises.	讲师应向您展示：如何使用设备预热和冷却练习。	2
The integrity of the American Stud Book is the foundation on which all Thoroughbred racing in North America Depends.	《美国双桩基》的完整性是北美所有苏拉格尔赛车的基础。	1
The intention is that direct payments will encourage claimants to take responsibility for budgeting and paying their rent themselves, thus increasing their work readiness.	其意图是，直接付款将鼓励索赔人自行承担预算和支付租金的责任，从而提高他们的工作准备程度。	1
The intention of the project is to enable the target groups to acquire competencies and attitudes which will help them to stay healthy. more...	该项目的目的是让目标群体获得能力和态度，从而帮助他们保持健康。更多 ...	1
The intention was to keep large offshore vessels out of the grounds involved in order to conserve fishery resources and to strengthen FAs as the main agency of fishery management.	其目的是使大型近海船只远离有关的场地，以保护渔业资源，并加强渔业局作为渔业管理的主要机构。	1
The interaction between neutrons and protons in adjacent shells can be computed but that task is left for a later work.	可以计算相邻壳体中的中子和质子之间的相互作用，但该任务留给以后处理。	0
The interior of the Hokuendou has an octagonal sanctuary *naijin ??, marked by eight heavy pillars that support large, horizontal plates above which extend small plastered walls *kokabe ??, constructed within each of the eight bays.	Hokuendou 的内部有一个八角圣所 *naijin 内陣，有八个重柱，支撑着巨大的水平板，延伸了八个海湾内的小石砌墙 *kokabe 小壁。	2
The internal audit contract was extended according to provision for a further year to 31 March 2007.	内部审计合同按规定再延长一年，至 2007 年 3 月 31 日。	0
The internal component delivers the signal to the electrode array that is implanted in the cochlea.	内部组件将信号发送到植入耳蜗的电极组。	0
The internet has made some celebrities in each niche.	互联网在每一个领域都有一些名人。	1
The interview will be objective and we will investigate before coming to a conclusion.	面试将是客观的，我们将在得出结论之前进行调查。	0
The intolerance of religious political parties towards the Ahmadi community was evidenced throughout the year.	宗教政党对艾哈迈迪社区的不容忍现象在全年都有表现。	1
The invention concerns a plastic based multilayer structure, in particular for making tubes or conduits for transporting liquid fluids such as alcohol, liquid fuels derived from petrol, fuels containing oxygenic compounds such as, for instance alcohol.	这一发明涉及塑料多层结构，特别是用于制造运输酒精，汽油产生的液体燃料，含氧合物（如酒精）的燃料等液体液体液体液体的管道或管道。	2
The inventory levels in the manufacturing industry of raw materials and intermediate goods declined according to CNI estimates, whilst inventories of final goods increased in the first quarter.	根据 CNI 的估计，制造业原材料和中间产品的库存水平下降，而第一季度的最终产品库存却有所增加。	1
The inviting living room features a beautiful fireplace and large windows and doors allowing in natural lighting.	迷人的起居室配有漂亮的壁炉和大窗户和大门，自然采光。	0
Their aim is to break the human spirit and their free will until they can possess them.	他们的目标是打破人类精神和自由意志，直到他们能够拥有这些精神和自由。	1
The Iraq army, police and next political governing parties should have been established long before so many lives were lost.	伊拉克军队，警察和下一届政党早就应该建立起来，以免造成如此多的生命损失。	1
Their bodies melded together surrounded by the walls of their new home.	他们的尸体被新家的墙壁包围着。	2
Their characters in the show bother me but you managed to keep them in character while making them less annoying.	他们在表演中的角色让我感到困扰，但你设法让他们保持个性，同时减少他们的烦恼。	1
Their childlike energy compelled them to run to the master bedrooms of their parents, and with a fervent and breathless explanation, they managed to show these denizens the falling lights.	他们像孩子一样的精力迫使他们跑到父母的主卧里去，他们用热情和令人窒息的解释，成功地向他们展示了这些使人无法呼吸的灯光。	2
Their color naturally and immediately calls to mind Byzantine icons, the dignity of a tradition in which depiction was the springboard for meditation on the divine, and the transcendence that gold symbolizes.	他们的颜色自然而直接地让人想起拜占庭的象征，描绘是神圣冥想的跳板的传统的尊严，以及黄金象征的超越。	2
Their crewmates watch as the pair flies through the sky, circling over the ship.	他们的船员在空中飞逝，在船上盘旋。	2
Their dialogue and the little fragments of description make anything else in the scenes superfluous.	他们的对话和描述的小片段使得场景中的其他东西变得多余。	1
Their eyes refused to give them a clear picture of where the ball was going and their legs appeared asleep as they scampered to beat out a slow grounder.	他们的眼睛拒绝给他们一张清晰的照片，他们的双腿在发出的要击打慢节奏的打球声中似乎睡着了。	2
Their heart is as iron; the minister might as well speak to a heap of stones as preach to them.	他们的心就像铁一样；牧师也可以像向他们传道一样对一堆石头说话。	2
The Irish also took hold of the fire departments.	爱尔兰人还控制了消防部门。	1
Their latest releases are the motorcycle stunt game Trial Xtreme 2 along with the full role playing dungeon crawler Pocket RPG.	他们的最新版本是摩托车特技赛试驾 Xtreme 2 以及扮演地牢爬行动物口袋 RPG 的全部角色。	2
Their meeting led to the creation of the Dada movement in New York during the First World War.	他们的会议导致在第一次世界大战期间在纽约建立了达达运动。	2
Their ministers responsible for aid or some junior ministers responsible for Africa in foreign affairs are delegated the responsibility.	他们负责援助的部长或一些负责非洲外交事务的初级部长被授予责任。	0
Their mission was to take down seven robbers at a bank.	他们的任务是在一家银行中接管七名强盗。	2
Their music became louder as the chorus of that song repeated.	随着歌曲的合唱的重复，他们的音乐变得更加响亮。	0
Their offensive line could not clear the way for their running game, and their front seven did not play well at all against the Huskies.	他们的进攻线无法为他们的比赛扫清道路，他们的前七名球员在与胡斯基队的比赛中表现得一点也不好。	1
Their one minute intervals are very classic and everyone is always talking about it.	他们的一分钟间隔非常经典，每个人都在谈论它。	2
Their only contention is that they have a program under which people can be good if they want to.	他们唯一的论点是，他们有一个方案，根据这个方案，如果他们愿意的话，他们就可以成为好的人。	2
The irony of it all almost made Lily chuckle.	这种讽刺几乎让 Lily 笑了起来。	1
Their parents were involved in community and volunteer activities and both find it very natural to do what they can to help those in need.	他们的父母参与了社区和志愿活动，他们都发现，他们很自然地会尽力帮助那些需要帮助的人。	0
Their plan is to build a fast website, put up a little bit of advertising and a few affiliate links and then sit back and watch while they earn real cash.	他们的计划是建立一个快速的网站，做一些广告和一些附属公司的链接，然后坐下来看他们赚取真实的现金。	1
Their power level would be tenfold and bloodbaths will usually follow suit at the intervention.	它们的功率水平将是十倍，而在干预时，血洗通常也会同样发生。	2
Their practice showed how closely they are related.	他们的实践表明他们之间的关系有多密切。	1
Their previous albums have been great hits with the fresh sound that they brought to the table.	他们以前的相册上的新鲜声音给他们带来了巨大的冲击。	1
Their project truck had about eight or nine companies sponsoring it.	他们的项目卡车大约有八，九家公司赞助。	1
Their proposals were to look equally at responsibilities both of the region and of the wider world to resolve the refugee issues.	他们的建议是平等地看待该区域和更广泛的世界解决难民问题的责任。	2
The irregularities are due to tempo variations in the performance.	这种不正常现象是由于性能的速度变化造成的。	0
Their residential property was purchased in order that someday they could expand their business onto that property.	他们购买住宅物业是为了让他们有一天能将业务扩展到该物业。	2
Their rivals would dig at anything or create any story to discredit or even tarnish their reputation, please revisit candidates Bill Clinton and George Bush.	他们的对手会挖掘任何东西或制造任何故事来诋毁甚至玷污他们的声誉，请重温候选人比尔 · 克林顿和乔治 · 布什。	0
Their souls shall burn for eternity in the bowels of his mighty flames.	他们的灵魂将永远燃烧在他的巨大火焰的肠里。	2
Their sound is one of pleasant sweetness that can be truly appreciated by just about anyone.	他们的声音是令人愉快的甜味，几乎任何人都能真正欣赏到。	2
Their support will help ACE grow the network to 100 Teams on qualified university and college campuses across the country, resulting in an even greater impact on communities large and small.	他们的支持将帮助 ACE 将网络扩展到全国合格的大学和大学校园中的 100 个团队，从而对大社区和小社区产生更大的影响。	1
Theirs was a metal covered album that will look something like this: Black leather binding, aluminum cover, and a nice cameo on the side.	他们的是一个金属相册，看起来像这样：黑色皮革结合，铝罩，侧面有一个漂亮的壁画。	2
Their task is to keep me cheerful and to offer encouragement when the pains grow stronger.	他们的任务是让我保持愉快，并在痛苦变得更加强烈时给予鼓励。	0
Their testimony on this point is clear and explicit.	他们在这一点上的证词是明确和明确的。	2
Their True Nature by Crazy Crow reviews Vongola is the oldest and powerful vampire clan ever.	Crazy Crow 评论说，他们的真实本质是有史以来最古老，最强大的吸血鬼家族。	0
Their unselfish help meant a great deal to us when we renovated the Kivumu friary, adding bathrooms in some of the quarters, and also building several new rooms and storage spaces.	当我们翻新 Kivumu 冰箱，在一些宿舍增加浴室，并建造几个新的房间和存储空间时，他们无私的帮助对我们来说意味着巨大的意义。	0
Their urge to gamble also significantly dropped in intensity and frequency.	他们的赌博欲望也在强度和频率上大幅下降。	0
The island surroundings and placid waters of Sikao district make Anantara Si Kao an ideal diving and snorkeling destination.	Sikao 区周围的岛屿和清澈的海水使 Anantara Si Kao 成为理想的潜水和浮潜目的地。	1
The issue is that these particular photographs portray no abuse and appear to exploit no children.	问题是，这些照片没有描述虐待行为，似乎没有剥削儿童。	2
The issue of misrepresentation is always a challenging one.	虚假陈述的问题始终是一个具有挑战性的问题。	1
The issues of access and quality could not be effectively tackled.	获取和质量问题无法得到有效解决。	1
The issue then becomes, as you said, whether we need to change the law and its inequitable application across racial lines.	正如你所说的那样，问题就会变成我们是否需要改变法律及其跨种族的不公平适用。	1
The Italian government had proposed a project for The National Research and Education Network, but its implementation was delayed for several years.	意大利政府已经为国家研究和教育网络提出了一个项目，但该项目的实施被推迟了几年。	0
The Japanese teen had successfully created a program capable of traveling across the dimensional planes.	日本青少年成功地创建了一个能够穿越维度飞机的计划。	1
The Japanese yen strengthened slightly against the dollar after positive housing starts in the US whet risk appetite amongst market players.	在美国市场参与者的风险偏好中，正住房开始出现后，日元对美元的汇率略有上升。	1
The, jeep strollers playpens black dragons on baengnyeong stand off against two north korean army divisions on nine south koreans were wounded in while six were killed and wounded in.	在本队的比赛中， 9 名南朝鲜人的两支朝鲜军师在本队的比赛中，与本队的黑色龙队进行了比赛，其中 6 人受伤，而在本队的比赛中，本队在本队的比赛中，也有 2 名南朝鲜人受伤。	2
The Jews are back to being identified as a constituted covenant people of privilege and the Gentiles are on the outside.	犹太人重新被确定为一个有特权的组成的盟约人，而小扁豆则在外面。	2
The Jews had been expecting a Messiah who would free them from the yoke of Roman rule.	犹太人一直期待着一个弥赛亚将他们从罗马统治的枷锁中解放出来。	0
The Jigetiser puzzles are ideal for relaxing at the computer.	Jigetiser 拼图是在电脑上放松的理想选择。	0
The job of a pipe is to transmit water from point A to point B without leaking.	管道的工作是将水从 A 点传输到 B 点，而不会泄漏。	0
The job of marketing is to create and deliver value to customers.	营销的任务是创造并为客户提供价值。	0
The Joshua Green Building will earn three Globes which is equivalent to a LEED Gold rating.	Joshua Green 建筑将获得三个 Globes ，相当于 LEED 金牌评级。	1
The journal must be published, or will be published in at least two issues per year, and must be sponsored by a major scholarly association in the field.	该期刊必须出版，或每年至少出版两期，并且必须由该领域的一个主要学术协会赞助。	1
The journey from wood to stone via water was, they consider, a symbolic journey from life to death.	他们认为，从木材到石头的水之旅是一个从生命到死亡的象征性旅程。	1
The journey to the Sinnoh Region would be long, but at least they were together.	到新诺地区的路途将很长，但至少他们是在一起的。	2
The joy of a teenager in love for the first time.	第一次爱上了一个少年的喜悦。	2
The judges added that while this is not of importance to the current case it may arise at a later date.	法官们补充说，虽然这对本案不重要，但可能在以后发生。	0
The judges' forum is an initiative of Bulgarian court chairpersons who are committed to improving the judicial system.	法官论坛是保加利亚法院院长的一项倡议，他们致力于改善司法制度。	1
The Junior Women also fielded a team in a race predictably dominated by Aldershot who managed 4 in 9 with Stephanie Twell winning.	年轻女性还在一场可预测的由 Aldershot 主导的比赛中派出了一支球队，他以 Stephanie Twell 获胜，成功完成了 9 分 4 秒的比赛。	1
The justification for having a separate justice system for the armed forces has been repeatedly demonstrated, and in 1992 the Supreme Court of Canada did so very eloquently in R. v. Généreux.	为武装部队建立单独的司法制度的理由一再得到证明， 1992 年加拿大最高法院在 R. 诉 G é n é reux 案中非常雄辩地证明了这一点。	0
The Kalgoorlie electorate is mainly based on the town of Kalgoorlie.	卡尔戈里的选民主要以卡尔戈里镇为基础。	0
The Kansas City Charter extends the non partisan selection plan to Kansas City municipal court judges as well.	《堪萨斯城宪章》还将非党派选拔计划扩大到堪萨斯城市法院法官。	0
The Kentucky Air Guard announced its new mission in November 2006 and established a task force to start working on the CRG activation process.	2006 年 11 月，肯塔基空军宣布了新的任务，并成立了一个工作队，开始进行 CRG 启动进程。	0
The key here is whether the articles created an antecedent debt and I think that the trustee will be in for a surprise.	这里的关键是这些文章是否造成了一笔新的债务，我认为受托人会感到意外。	1
The key is eating sweets in moderation and small portions.	关键是适度地吃甜点和少量的甜点。	1
The key thing here is to book your flight as soon as you see the deal so that you are not disappointed when you miss that once in a lifetime deal.	这里的关键是，一旦看到交易，就立即预订航班，这样，当您错过了一生中的一次交易时，您就不会失望。	1
The key to successfully treating melanoma is recognizing symptoms early.	成功治疗黑色素瘤的关键在于及早识别症状。	0
The kiddos have been using those chompers a lot recently.	最近，孩子们经常使用这些 chompers 。	1
The kids and I might have to make a little road trip one of these days to visit yall.	孩子们和我可能不得不在其中的一天进行一次小小的自驾游，才能游览所有的景点。	2
The kids are talking about wet look plaid knickers this time.	孩子们这次谈论的是“湿法”的编织物。	2
The kids that jib on twin tips and hit the superpipe.	那些在双耳上进行圣战的孩子撞到了超级管。	2
The kinematic parameter b can be understood as a diffusion length for free volume, which is introduced at the oriﬁce and diffuses upward, causing downward diffusion of particles.	运动参数 b 可理解为自由容积的扩散长度，在节流孔处引入并向上扩散，从而导致颗粒向下扩散。	0
The kissing stuff was a little confusing at first, but I understand the whole denial defense mechanism thing.	亲吻的东西起初有点令人困惑，但我理解整个拒绝防御机制的东西。	2
The kitchen is NEFF with horizontal stained apple wood accented with Carob stained black ash cabinets.	厨房为 NEFF ，带有水平染色苹果木，配以炭黑色灰橱。	1
The kitchen was not empty, but rather four hobbits were sitting there in their pyjamas discussing bath toys.	厨房不是空的，但有四个爱好坐在他们的睡衣上讨论浴玩具。	2
The Knights of the Altar is the name of a number of national organizations of serving and former altar boys in the Roman Catholic church, including the Philippines, Ireland the United States, and Canada.	祭坛骑士是在罗马天主教堂服务和前祭坛男孩的一些国家组织的名称，包括菲律宾，爱尔兰，美国和加拿大。	2
The Knights opened the cell door quickly and began to rush in.	骑士很快打开了牢房的门，并开始冲进去。	0
The knitting that is supposed to be my fun hobby.	这种针织应该是我的有趣爱好。	1
The Kollas tractor apparently was not carrying a DOT placard or other sign identifying it as a vehicle registered for interstate transport on the date of the accident.	Kollas 拖拉机显然没有带点标牌或其他标志，表明它是在事故发生之日登记的州际运输车辆。	1
The lack of a single focal point provokes a phenomenon of iridescence, which significantly impairs the quality of the images.	缺乏单一的焦点引发了一种虹膜现象，这严重影响了图像的质量。	0
The lack of such a translation until the late eighteenth century undoubtedly contributed to the decline of Scottish Gaelic.[6] Scottish Gaelic may be more correctly known as Highland Gaelic to distinguish it from the now defunct Lowland Gaelic.	直到十八世纪末，缺乏这种翻译无疑导致了苏格兰盖尔语的衰落。 [6] 苏格兰盖尔语可能被更正确地称为高地盖尔语，以将其与现在已不复存在的低地盖尔语区分开来。	1
The lack of timely, predictable FDA review times for DTC television advertisements is detrimental to companies' ability to accurately set timeframes for their marketing campaigns and discourages companies from submitting these materials for advisory review.	缺乏及时，可预测的 FDA DTC 电视广告审查时间不利于公司准确设定营销活动时间的能力，并阻碍公司提交这些材料进行咨询审查。	1
The ladies received many compliments on the hats they made to wear specifically for this event.	这些女士们在为这次活动专门穿上的帽子上得到了许多赞扬。	1
The ladies will do the cleaning dressed in French Maid outfits.	女士们将穿着法国 Maid 服装进行清洁。	2
The lady in the shop got on the trolley with a bear.	商店里的那位女士带着一只熊在电车上。	1
The lady right next to your arm there is suffering with headache.	手臂旁边的那位女士头痛不已。	1
The land administration and cadastral responses to managing these relationships are also dynamic and continually evolving.	土地管理和地籍对管理这些关系的反应也是动态的，并不断演变。	1
The lane became disused for part of its length once it was private property and it was later diverted to become a carriage drive only.	这条车道一旦成为私人财产，就被部分地废弃，后来被转用为仅作为运输车道。	1
The language files of the calendar script used to make some trouble in the past.	日历脚本的语言文件过去曾造成一些麻烦。	0
The languages of Norway and Iceland remained very similar approximately until 1300, when they developed into Old Norwegian and Old Icelandic, respectively.	挪威和冰岛的语言大致保持相似，直到 1300 年，这两种语言分别发展为老挪威语和老冰岛语。	1
The language suddenly shifted from Spanish to Portuguese.	语言突然从西班牙语变为葡萄牙语。	0
The large mound on the bed was easy to spot.	床上的大床很容易被发现。	2
The large sums she earned by her literary labors were expended on the support of her family.	她的文学工作所赚的大笔钱是用来支持她的家庭的。	0
The last guest of Swing I treated had Dior Shoesseveral fingers pointing entirely the wrong way.	我接待的最后一位斯温的客人有迪奥尔 · 肖斯几个手指指出了完全错误的方向。	2
The last number in the cheat was the ammount of bricks i got when I put in the cheat.	最后一个数字是我在作弊时得到的一支砖头。	2
The last round of negotiations in Thailand exposed the bitter divide between the industrialised and developing worlds over responsibility for causing global warming and compensation for the poor countries, which will be hit the hardest.	泰国的最后一轮谈判暴露了工业化世界和发展中世界之间在造成全球变暖和对最受打击的穷国进行补偿的责任上的严重分歧。	1
The last time he grabbed my chest, I instinctively slapped his hand away without thinking.	最后一次他抓住我的胸部时，我本能地把他的手拿走了，而不想。	2
The last time she toured the countryside her motorcade was attacked by a mob,...	上次她在乡村旅行时，她的车队遭到暴徒的袭击 ...	0
The latest results include a charge of 11 cents per share related to loans at its financing arm and a gain of 2 cents per share for a litigation settlement.	最新的结果包括，与融资部门贷款有关的每股收费 11 美分，以及诉讼解决的每股收益 2 美分。	0
The launching of Rama Krishna Mission by Swamy Vivekanand marked another phase of national renaissance prior to the Congress.	Swamy Vivekanand 发起的 Rama Krishna 特派团标志着在议会之前的另一个民族复兴阶段。	1
The laundry transcanada pipline consists of 25 cons which depicts the executive of incubating brakes from tolerance to the snug era.	洗衣运输线由 25 个缺点组成，描述了从耐受到舒适时代的制动器孵化的行政管理。	2
The law also provides service providers with legal recourse against the violators.	该法还规定了服务提供者对违反者的法律申诉。	2
The law declares to the Jewish people and to the world that the State of Israel welcomes the Jews of the world to return to their ancient homeland.	法律向犹太人民和全世界宣布，以色列国欢迎世界犹太人返回他们古老的家园。	0
The laws of physics were not on my side that morning; I locked up both wheels on the damp tarmac and slid uncontrollably into the mess of bodies and bikes.	那天早上，物理学定律并不在我身边；我把两个轮子锁在潮湿的柏油路上，不受控制地滑入了实体和自行车的混乱中。	2
The law was the result of many years of hard work by abolitionists.	这项法律是废除死刑者多年辛勤工作的结果。	0
The lawyer said that Lutsenko and his defense team have no complaints about the detention center where the defendant is kept.	律师说， Lutsenko 和他的辩护小组对被告关押的拘留中心没有任何投诉。	1
The LCRI will develop capacity and facilities around the existing areas of low carbon and energy expertise in Wales whilst being international in its outlook, developing a strategic long term programme of research.	LCRI 将围绕威尔士现有的低碳和能源专门知识领域开发能力和设施，同时在其前景中具有国际性，并制定战略性长期研究方案。	1
The leader of the political party in the House that has fewer members than the Official Opposition.	众议院政党领袖，其成员比官方反对派少。	2
The Lead Generator The Lead Generator blog is all about cold calling and generating sales leads.	潜在客户生成器潜在客户生成器博客的全部内容都是冷呼叫和生成销售潜在客户。	1
The lead singer Steven writes the lyrics for the group.	首席歌手史蒂文为该组撰写歌词。	1
The least power is in the third closest to the point of rotation.	最小功率位于距离旋转点最近的第三个位置。	1
The leaves are like Crocodile and the flower is like Rouletta - hence the name!	树叶就像鳄鱼，花就像鲁莱特，因此名字就这样！	2
The leaves on the oaks were slightly curled up.	橡树上的树叶被轻微卷曲。	1
The legend holds that Saint James ordained Peter as the first bishop of Braga in 44 AD.	传说圣詹姆斯在公元 44 年任命彼得为布拉加的第一位主教。	1
The Legend of the Beer Mug It was July 642 and very hot when the parishioners of Metz went to Remiremont to recover the remains of their former bishop.	啤酒杯传奇人物当时是 7 月 642 日，梅茨教区的人前往雷米尔蒙特找回他们前主教的遗体时，天气非常热。	2
The lenders at Champaign Car Title Loans works with offer the longest loan payment period available.	尚佩恩汽车所有权贷款的贷款人与提供贷款的时间最长的贷款支付期一起工作。	2
The less invasive method is performing a fine needle aspiration, whereby a needle is inserted in a large lymph node and fluid is aspirated.	无创方法是执行细针抽吸，即针插入大淋巴结，液体抽吸。	0
The let command is available in the Session window and is quite convenient.	“会话”窗口中提供了“允许”命令，非常方便。	0
The letters you get when you smear the members of the NRA are the result of the individuals expressing themselves, exercising the very right you accuse them of disregarding.	你在涂污 NRA 成员时得到的信件是那些表达自己的个人的结果，他们行使了你指责他们无视的权利。	2
The letter would acknowledge the numerous activities being undertaken by the Department for environmental protection and highlight the need for further improvements in environmental management procedures.	该信将肯定该部为环境保护正在开展的许多活动，并强调需要进一步改进环境管理程序。	2
The levy is crucial to determine how many more officers could be added to the force, Brown noted.	布朗指出，这笔征款对于确定可以再增加多少警察是至关重要的。	1
The Library demonstrates a bright and friendly response to the site surroundings by utilising the vibrant colours throughout the building.	图书馆通过使用整个建筑中充满活力的色彩，展现出对现场环境的明亮友好响应。	1
The library obtains copies of the current selection and makes them available to Book Group members.	库获取当前选择的副本并使其可供 Book Group 成员使用。	2
The life of the long term animals existence was at stake.	长期存在的动物生命受到威胁。	1
The light dimmed slightly and soon the ballroom was filled with all kinds of people.	宴会厅的光线稍暗，很快就挤满了各种人。	0
The light is still burning even as the darkness gets darker.	即使黑暗变暗，光线仍在燃烧。	2
The lines for the different rides grew as the day went by but it wasn too bad.	随着时间的过去，不同的游乐设施的排队也在增加，但这并不是太糟糕。	1
The Linked Soul seal; I remember that that was the one he used.	连在一起的灵魂海豹；我记得那是他使用的那种。	2
The liquid emission show form chandeliers has a lot of splendid capabilities for instance substantial intensity light focus along with distinctive colours which are not readily available in normal chandeliers.	液体排放展示枝形吊灯具有许多出色的功能，例如，高强度的光焦点以及普通枝形吊灯中不易获得的独特颜色。	0
The liquid that is strained off after cooking is the bouillon, which can form the base for soups and sauces.	烹饪后被挤出的液体是石龙，它可以构成汤和酱汁的基础。	2
The little retired dressmaker came down and wept with Trina over her misfortune, and did what she could to encourage her.	这位退休的小女修剪师在她的不幸中下来，与特里娜一起哭泣，并尽她所能鼓励她。	2
The local community will be completely against any further Noted development as they have already had to accept an unwanted silo on the Thames Water site.	当地社区将完全反对任何进一步的著名发展，因为他们已经不得不接受泰晤士河水区的一个不必要的水仓。	1
The location of this holiday rental is situated just a few meters away from the metro where all the treasures of Prague are on your doorstep,...	这家度假租赁酒店的位置距离地铁站只有几米远，所有布拉格的宝藏都在酒店门口……	2
The logic goes, I tried it and it failed to deliver therefore it does not work.	逻辑是，我试过它，它没有实现，因此它不起作用。	2
The look features sleek, straight lines and legs with a round drawer pull on the single center drawer.	外观采用流线型直线条和支腿，单个中央抽屉采用圆形抽屉拉拔。	1
The lookout on the roof was very restful especially after sunset.	屋顶上的瞭望台非常宁静，特别是在日落之后。	0
The lounge area has air conditioning and a wood fire for total comfort.	休息区配有空调和木火，让您尽享舒适。	1
The love that legends say should last forever?	传说中的爱情应该永远存在？	0
The low cost and convenient evening hours make the course attractive to employers who wish to pay for prospective or new employees to attend.	由于费用低廉，晚上的时间也很方便，因此这门课程对希望为未来或新雇员付费的雇主很有吸引力。	1
The low cost of Internet communication and the fact that the message can be controlled were also of considerable importance to respondents.	互联网通信成本低以及信息可以控制的事实也对受访者非常重要。	1
The low error rate characteristic is maintained under various operation conditions.	低错误率特性在各种操作条件下保持不变。	0
The LT is real bad for having blind spot close in so I had them on the handle bars.	LT 真的很糟糕，因为它靠近盲点，所以我把它们放在了把手上。	2
The luminosity of a star is proportional to the second power of its radius and the forth power of its temperature.	星形的亮度与其半径的第二个功率和温度的第四个功率成正比。	1
The Lynda Hart Award is given to a woman student who has made an outstanding contribution to the artistic life of the Penn campus.	Lynda Hart 奖颁发给一位女学生，她为宾夕法尼亚大学的艺术生活做出了杰出贡献。	1
The machines not listed in this file will not be able to access jupiter.	此文件中未列出的机器将无法访问 Jupiter 。	0
The main advantages of the file system move solution are the small amount of down time and no requirement for new disks.	文件系统移动解决方案的主要优点是停机时间很短，不需要新磁盘。	0
The main character in the movie is really brave.	影片的主要人物是非常勇敢的。	0
The main characters in a book are the characters that the story line revolves around and who dominate the subject matter or play major roles in the story .	书中的主要人物是故事情节所围绕的人物，他们主宰主题或在故事中扮演重要角色。	1
The main course and wedding cake will usually be more than enough to keep your guests full and happy.	主菜和婚礼蛋糕通常足以让您的宾客饱饱饱饱而开心。	2
The main drawback of this type of system is that you are actually having to take the time to enter all the information.	这类系统的主要缺点是您实际上必须花时间输入所有信息。	0
The main event of ninth finale of The Ultimate Fighter features a bout that could very well be the next timeless UFC fight.	终极战士第九个决赛的主要赛事是一场很可能是下一次永恒的 UFC 战斗的拳击比赛。	1
The main functions of the Residence Assistants are to serve as resource people and to address the social and academic needs of stu- dents in whatever way possible.	居留助理的主要职能是充当顾问，以任何可能的方式满足住区居民的社会和学术需要。	0
The main goal was to conduct series of experiments on definition of global load applied to structures.	主要目标是就结构所适用的全球载荷的定义进行一系列实验。	1
The main job is to live out the kingdom.	主要的工作是生活在王国之外。	2
The main menu offers some twelve colourful icons on a black or white background depending on the style setting of the main menu.	根据主菜单的样式设置，主菜单在黑白背景上提供了大约 12 个彩色图标。	0
The main point being is the Arab Countries make the distinctions that the Western world does not.	主要问题是阿拉伯国家作出西方世界所没有的区别。	2
The main purpose is to get the words spaced properly.	其主要目的是使这些词的间距正确。	0
The main purpose of these principles is to protect the interests of the individuals whose personal data is being processed.	这些原则的主要目的是保护个人数据正在处理的个人的利益。	2
The main source of any loli material is obviously anime and manga stuff.	任何 Loli 材料的主要来源显然是动画和漫画材料。	1
The majority of his income came from a single client and when he lost that client we were concerned, but not overly.	他的大部分收入来自一个客户，当他失去该客户时，我们担心，但不会过度。	1
The majority of our domestic cash is transferred to Cardinal Health daily, and Cardinal Health funds our operating and investing activities as needed.	我们的大部分国内现金每天都转移到 Cardinal Health ， Cardinal Health 会根据需要为我们的运营和投资活动提供资金。	0
The males fly with their legs outstretched in the hope they will snag the female to get acquainted.	…们的双腿伸展，希望能击打女童，让她们认识。	2
The Malling Young Parents project supports the personal and social development of young people in the community and enables them to link with support networks.	 为年轻父母服务  项目支持社区中年轻人的个人和社会发展，并使他们能够与支持网络建立联系。	1
The management of water resources for a sustainable future is a monumental challenge for the human race.	为可持续的未来管理水资源是人类面临的巨大挑战。	0
The man grinned and cocked his head to the side slightly.	这名男子轻轻地向一边发了个响，并把头轻轻地举到一边。	2
The man is also accused of training foreign terrorists in Iraq.	该男子还被控在伊拉克训练外国恐怖分子。	0
The man on horseback stops, eyes the young man suspiciously, and then gets down off the horse.	骑马的人停下来，看着那个年轻的人，他是个可疑的人，然后从马背上下来。	0
The man ordered the girl not to scream and threatened to kill her.	The man ordered the girl not to scream and threatened to kill her.	2
The man responds by reaching into the paper bag This time he pulls out a magic lamp.	这名男子的反应是，他这次伸入纸袋，把一盏魔术灯拉出。	1
The man toed off his shoes before taking off his jacket to hang on the coat hanger to the left of the door.	该名男子在脱下外套前，将鞋挂在门左边的衣架上。	1
The man was boasting about the technology in his country.	这位男子对他的国家的技术感到自豪。	0
The man was holding a full glass of vodka.	这名男子手持一杯伏特加。	0
The MA qualifies students to teach in the California community college system or secondary schools as well as prepares them for careers in editing, advertising, and public information.	MA 使学生有资格在加利福尼亚社区学院系统或中学任教，并为他们在编辑，广告和公共信息方面的职业生涯做好准备。	0
The marchers displayed signs from dozens of organizations and photos of people they said had been killed because of their sexualities.	游行者展示了来自数十个组织的标志和照片，他们说他们是因为性关系而被杀害的。	1
The Maria also comes complete with a fixing kit for easy attachment to your divan bed.	Maria 还随附了一个固定套件，便于您轻松连接到您的躺椅上。	1
The marine composite pump body and impeller slurries waste, passes large solids, and runs dry without damage.	船用复合泵体和叶轮会产生废物，传导大固体，并在不造成损坏的情况下干燥运行。	0
The Marines were gone now, gone back to their wives and children and grandchildren, back to the kind of lives Angel Mendez never got to live.	马林人现在已经离开了，回到了他们的妻子，孩子和孙子，回到了天使门德斯从未生活过的那种生活。	2
The market price of shares in newly listed companies does not necessarily reflect the price at which their shares are initially offered.	新上市公司股份的市价不一定反映其股份最初发行的价格。	0
The Marsh Supermarket is under construction and is scheduled to open in late summer of 2005.	达信超市正在建设中，计划于 2005 年夏末开业。	0
The Massachusetts ruling also gave new impetus in Congress to sponsors of a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage.	马萨诸塞州的裁决也为国会提供了新的动力，支持了禁止同性恋婚姻的宪法修正案。	1
The match that will give some of the youngsters a taste of Dean Court will now kick off at 7pm on 11th November.	这场比赛将于 11 月 11 日晚上 7 点开始，让一些年轻人感受到迪恩法院的味道。	2
The material from the dam will be used to cap the old Lancefield tip.	水坝的材料将用于盖住旧的祖先田尖。	2
The maximum height of the equipment cabinet or structure will be in conformance with the zoning district in which said cabinet or structure is located and shall not exceed 30 inches in any dimension.	设备机柜或结构的最大高度将与所述机柜或结构所在的分区区一致，并且任何尺寸均不得超过 30 英寸。	0
The Mayo Clinic suggests up to two alcoholic drinks per day for men and one for women.	Mayo 诊所建议男子每天最多喝两杯酒精饮料，妇女每天喝一杯。	1
The Mayor will talk to the people involved and see if he can work out a situation which is acceptable to all parties involved.	市长将与有关的人交谈，看看他是否能够找到一种所有有关各方都能接受的情况。	1
The MCPP parsers will help a licensee detect traffic generated by its products that implement MCPP protocols.	MCPP 分析程序将帮助被许可方检测其实施 MCPP 协议的产品生成的流量。	0
The meadow contains a fountain waterfall with benches on either side facing the fountain.	草地上有一个喷泉瀑布，两边都有长椅，面朝喷泉。	0
The measurement should be one and a half cup.	测量值应为一个半杯。	1
The measuring instruments used to assess the magnitude of the progressions of curves have been questioned regarding their reliability.	用于评估曲线累进程度的测量仪器的可靠性受到质疑。	0
The meat counter has Halal beef and chicken cuts.	肉类柜台有清真牛肉和鸡肉切片。	0
The mechanism of lesion is unknown, but it may involve the vascular tropism of FM and the release of leucocyte enzymes.	病变的机制未知，但可能涉及 FM 的血管热带和白细胞酶的释放。	1
The media has been instrumental in creating and maintaining a climate of terror with their focus on Cité Soleil, while the humanitarian crisis reaches new disturbing proportions, and collateral damages has reached new heights.	媒体在制造和维持恐怖气氛方面发挥了重要作用，其重点是太阳城，而人道主义危机又达到了新的令人不安的程度，附带损害达到了新的高度。	1
The medium size and spreading habit make it a choice tree for smaller properties.	中等大小和传播习惯使其成为较小属性的首选树。	2
The melting point, boiling point, heat of fusion and heat of vaporization of water are extremely high and do not fit the trend of properties relative to molar mass within Group VIA.	熔点，沸点，熔融热和水汽化热极高，与 Group VIA 中的摩尔质量相关的属性趋势不符。	0
The member who had brought the pendant to him flipped back her mask and stood up before walking cautiously over to him.	把手控盒带到他身边的那名成员向后翻了她的面具，站起来，然后小心地走到他身边。	2
The memorandum determines specific actions to be undertaken to promote cooperation as well as mechanisms to promote cooperation.	备忘录确定了为促进合作而应采取的具体行动以及促进合作的机制。	1
The memory roused a familiar longing and he let his hand drift with his thoughts, moving lazily.	这种记忆激起了一种熟悉的渴望，他让他的手随着思想而漂移，懒惰地移动。	2
The men and women of our department are proud of the services we provide to our college community.	我们的部门的男女都为我们为我们的大学社区提供的服务感到自豪。	1
The message here is that he cares about his team.	这里的信息是他关心他的团队。	0
The method according to any of the preceding claims, comprising the further step of extracting the enhanced formants.	上述任何一项索赔所采用的方法，包括进一步提取强化格式的步骤。	1
The method of claim 1 where the driver input includes release of a brake pedal, and where a vehicle including the engine is in a deceleration condition during the cylinder cycle.	索赔方法 1 ，其中驾驶员输入包括释放制动踏板，以及包括发动机在内的车辆在气缸循环期间处于减速状态。	2
The method of claim 34, wherein the primary data are speech data, and the environmental information is an acoustic information indicating an acoustic environment in which the speech data had been originally given.	第 34 项索赔的方法，其中主要数据是言语数据，环境信息是一种声学信息，表明最初提供言语数据的声音环境。	1
The methods are similar to those used at Mechanical Simulation to create and maintain our vehicle models.	这些方法与在机械仿真中用于创建和维护我们的车辆模型的方法相似。	1
The method SERVQUAL will be described and applied to the company process.	将描述 SERVQUAL 方法并将其应用到公司流程中。	1
The method was easy to learn but the discipline required relied on the confidence they had acquired.	这种方法很容易学习，但所要求的纪律取决于他们获得的信心。	0
The mid distant mountain of purple and blue are there to suggest depth and coolness from the setting sun.	这里是紫色和蓝色的中山，可以从日落中感受到深度和凉爽。	2
The middle section is The Continuing Subversion of Alternative Possibility: From Sinai to Current Covenanting.	中间部分是替代可能性的持续子版本：从西奈到当前的考文垂。	2
The military started out by using bulldozers to destroy most of the old houses.	军队首先使用推土机摧毁大部分旧房屋。	0
The millers also took the opportunity to rebuild with new technology such as dust collection systems.	这些磨坊还利用机会利用集尘系统等新技术进行重建。	1
The mines are soon gone and the stock pile above ground is shrinking it must end soon and then the price will just go up.	地雷很快就消失了，地面上的库存正在收缩，必须很快结束，然后价格就会上涨。	1
The ministry also said Czech citizens should reconsider traveling to other Arab countries or to Israel.	外交部还表示，捷克公民应该重新考虑前往其他阿拉伯国家或以色列。	0
The ministry insists the main purpose of the amendments is to segregate felons from society to improve public safety.	该部坚持认为，修正案的主要目的是将重罪与社会分开，以改善公共安全。	1
The Ministry of Defence has arrested a Gulf War soldier and launched an investigation into claims he took sickening photographs of Iraqi prisoners of war being tortured.	国防部逮捕了一名海湾战争士兵，并对他拍摄伊拉克战俘遭受酷刑的照片的指控展开了调查。	0
The Ministry of Defence is facing an increase in its fuel bill next year of about £500 million and military chiefs have been told to look at training schedules in a bid to cut costs.	国防部明年的燃料费将增加 £5 亿左右，并要求各军长研究培训计划，以降低成本。	0
The minor students can only go on excursions organized by Universidad Internacional, and these excursions last only one day.	未成年学生只能参加由国际大学组织的短途旅行，而这些短途旅行只能持续一天。	1
The minute and uninhabited South China Sea Islands which are collectively termed as an archipelago are subject to several competing claims of sovereignty by neighboring nations.	被统称为群岛的临海群岛和无人居住的南海群岛受到邻国的几项相互竞争的主权要求的制约。	0
The minutes of the last meeting were read and accepted with no changes.	最后一次会议的纪要已被阅读并接受，没有任何改动。	0
The missile was fitted with a tailcone to reduce drag while on the pylon, which was ejected shortly after being dropped from the plane.	该导弹装有一个尾锥，用来减少在从飞机上掉落后不久被弹出的压塔上的阻力。	1
The Mission was invited to become a partner in this activity and to provide the staff, so an appropriate action was taken.	特派团应邀成为这一活动的伙伴，并提供工作人员，因此采取了适当行动。	0
The Mitsubishi 380 ES comes with steel wheels, but has many other items once considered to be luxury extras.	Mitsubishi 380 ES 配备钢轮，但还有许多其他物品曾经被视为豪华附加产品。	0
The moan tore at Ban more than anything else could.	禁城的莫安比任何其他地方都要好。	1
The mockery mechanism psychology psychological time is retail and they encourage it notionally playable to reviewer the way movies, arrow music and registry software downloads.	讽刺机制心理学的心理时间是零售的，他们鼓励它在名义上可以播放，以审查电影，箭音乐和注册软件下载的方式。	2
The money is from there and their weapons are the latest techonologies.	这笔钱来自那里，他们的武器是最新的技术。	2
The Mongol scouts shouted challenges to the red army that had marched from the safety of Yinchuan, while others rode back to Genghis with details.	蒙戈尔的童子军向从银川安全出发的红军高呼挑战，而其他人则详细地骑回了根吉斯。	2
The monitors look out for staff abuse and evaluate employees following every shift, to make sure students' treatment plans are followed.	监护仪会留意员工的虐待行为，并在每一班员工都进行评估，以确保学生的治疗计划得到遵守。	1
The Montana university system can obtain applicable grant funding independently.	蒙大拿大学系统可以独立获得适用的补助金。	0
The monthly atmospheric extremes are easily explained by El Nino and La Nina cycles.	El Nino 和 La Nina 周期很容易解释每月的大气极端。	2
The monthly averaged Rand data set was constructed using climatological averages from meteorological station data.	每月平均 Rand 数据集是使用气象站数据中的气候平均值构建的。	1
The moon had risen some hours ago, full and bright, to stream through the windows and bathe the outer rooms with its colorless glow.	几个小时前，月亮已经升起，充满了光彩，从窗户流淌，用无色的光来沐浴外面的房间。	2
The moon takes slightly less than a month to circle around the Earth.	月球在地球上循环所需的时间略少于一个月。	2
The moral of the story is the love for the father, that the son would do everything to save the father who disappeared and might be in danger.	故事的道德是对父亲的爱，儿子会尽一切努力拯救失踪并可能面临危险的父亲。	1
The moral to this story is that: I learned a valuable lesson that money is not always the key factor in weather or not to keep a job.	这一故事的道德是：我学到了一个宝贵的教训，即金钱并不总是气候或不保留工作的关键因素。	2
The more accessible the web page is, the higher up the list of results it will feature.	网页越容易访问，它所包含的结果列表越高。	1
The more attention you can generate via the press and media the more impact your product or service will have in the marketplace.	通过媒体和媒体引起的关注越多，您的产品或服务在市场中的影响就越大。	1
The more I thought about it, the more the web actually seemed like an ideal place for interactive fiction to be experienced, rather than merely a more convenient one.	我对它的想法越多，网络实际上就越像是一个体验互动小说的理想场所，而不仅仅是一个更方便的地方。	1
The more rapidly a man moves and the nearer he feels he is getting to the enemy the more does the keenness for the fight develop in him, the more does boldness dominate fear.	人越快行动，越觉得自己越接近敌人，战斗的渴望就越大，越大的胆量主宰了恐惧。	1
The more tones that are used, the more difficult it is to get a low Crest Factor.	使用的音调越多，获得低波峰因数就越困难。	1
The most ambitious and systematic attempt at refuting atomism in the 14th century was mounted by Thomas Bradwardine (c.	14 世纪最雄心勃勃和最系统地试图驳斥雾化，这是托马斯 · 布拉德沃丁（ C.	2
The most common choice of gathering the inventory data is through manually gauging the tank for product levels, recording meter readings from the dispenser and documenting the fuel delivery amounts.	收集库存数据的最常见选择是手动测量油箱的产品液位，记录分配器的仪表读数以及记录燃油输送量。	0
The most complex of the Weapons systems can expect to fetch higher prices and gain access to wider markets if they can be advertised as 'tested in combat'.	最复杂的武器系统如果能被广告宣传为 " 在战斗中试验 " ，就可以获得更高的价格和进入更广泛的市场的机会。	2
The most effective are N95 respirators but make sure they are approved by the CDC.	最有效的是 N95 呼吸器，但确保它们获得 CDC 的批准。	2
The most important step in protecting yourself is careful screening of the people you hire.	保护自己最重要的一步是仔细筛选您雇用的人员。	1
The most important thing in your car is you and your passengers.	您的汽车中最重要的是您和您的乘客。	0
The most obvious and conventional direction of works on the launch services price reduction is creation of completely or partially of reusable launch vehicles (LV).	关于降低发射服务价格的最明显和最传统的工作方向是创建完全或部分可重复使用的运载火箭。	0
The most plausible explanation for this is that the production decrease in the CEECs due to the introduction of quotas will have to be compensated by imports.	最合理的解释是，由于实行配额，经济和出口商品出口减少的产量必须通过进口来补偿。	1
The most powerful technique for the construction of spectral sequences is William Massey 's method of exact couples.	构建光谱序列的最强大技术是 William Massey 的精确对子方法。	0
The most significant changes to health insurance legislation in the last 10 years came into force in April this year with the Private Health Insurance Act 2007.	在过去 10 年中，对医疗保险立法的最重大修改于今年 4 月生效， 2007 年《私人医疗保险法》生效。	2
The most striking aspect of this form of dress is the contrast between the jacket and trousers demonstrably not a suit.	这种服装最引人注目的方面是夹克和裤子之间的对比——显然不是西装。	0
The most waited new feature is SSL support.	等待最多的新功能是 SSL 支持。	1
The mother initially reported that her son had been injured by an exploding toy.	The mother initially reported that her son had been injured by an exploding toy.	2
The moulds are baked and molten metal is poured into the mould cavity.	模具被烘焙，熔融金属被倒入模腔中。	1
The move closed many state offices on Friday.	这一举动在周五关闭了许多州办事处。	2
The movie received Academy Award recognition for art direction and costume design.	这部电影因艺术指导和服装设计而获得奥斯卡奖。	0
The MRA conference is what reminds me that what I do, has a worth, and it motivates me to continue.	MRA 会议让我想起了我所做的事，有价值，它激励我继续下去。	0
The MRI was taken the next day on her lumbar spine.	第二天，她的腰椎接受了 MRI 检查。	0
The mystery trooper only rounded back and headed to the end of the line, were he waited last.	这位神秘的特罗普尔只在最后一轮的等待下，向终点走。	2
Then a black whirlwind appeared was white tinged with other colors: a continuous crust of salt.	接着，一股黑色的旋风出现了白色的，并以其他颜色刺了出来：一股持续的盐皮。	2
Then after reading some of the groups messages I began to get a little worried.	然后，在阅读了一些小组的消息后，我开始有点担心。	1
Then again, me being upset of the thought of only one chapter left shows how much I love this story and of your work.	然后，我对只剩下一章的想法感到沮丧，这表明我对这一故事和你的工作有多爱。	1
Then again, they might be impressed and even have a good laugh with you, not at you, as they will know what you are trying to accomplish.	然后，他们可能会给人留下深刻印象，甚至会和你一起大笑，而不是对你大笑，因为他们会知道你正在努力完成什么。	2
Then again, you must drill down and ask what you are truly willing to do to make it happen.	然后，您必须向下钻取并询问您真正愿意做些什么来实现这一目标。	1
Then a glazed expression came over him and he fell to his knees and fell forward into the mud.	然后，一个釉面的表情出现在他的身上，他倒在膝盖上，然后向泥土里掉下去。	2
The naive subject is a witness to two instances of disobedience and observes the consequences of defying the experimenter to be minimal.	天真的人是两次不服从的见证，认为不服从实验者的后果是微不足道的。	2
The name came to him instantly, and he felt joy for the first time since the grey, as if founding an old friend he believed dead in good health and the bound between them intact.	他的名字立刻出现在他身上，他从灰中第一次感到高兴，仿佛他建立了一个老朋友，他相信他是健康地死去的，他们之间的界限是完整的。	1
The name Leviticus is originally from the Greek people.	利维蒂克斯的名字最初是希腊人民的名字。	2
The name of the neighbourhood is because it contains the main campus of York University.	该街区的名字是因为它包含约克大学的主校区。	1
The names and addresses of citizens applying for building or parking permits, animal licenses, or beach passes are run through a computer that checks whether they are on the citywide debtor list.	申请建筑或停车许可证，动物许可证或海滩通行证的公民的姓名和地址通过计算机运行，检查他们是否在全市债务人名单上。	1
The names and position titles of employees who conducted the evaluation would not be considered as personal information because they performed the assessment as a part of their duties.	进行评估的员工的姓名和职位名称不会被视为个人信息，因为他们在履行职责时进行了评估。	0
The narrative flows through its easy channel without the smallest shock of interruption.	叙述通过简单的渠道传递，而不会受到最小的中断冲击。	2
The national bureau submitted its founding documents to authorities in Rabat after its inaugural congress in July 2002.	国家局在 2002 年 7 月成立大会之后向拉巴特当局提交了成立文件。	1
The National Maternity Benefit Scheme is exclusively aimed at assisting expectant mothers by providing them Rs.500 each for the first two live births.	国家产妇福利计划的唯一目的是帮助孕妇，为头两个活产婴儿每人提供 500 卢比。	1
The National Park Service says a birding guide spotted a Cuban Pewee last weekend near the Long Pine Key picnic area in the park.	国家公园管理局（ National Park Service ）表示，一位观鸟导游上周末在公园的 Long Pine Key 野餐区附近发现了一只古巴白雪。	0
The natives of Tahiti and Vanuata have used tamanu oil as a natural skincare remedy for centuries.	几个世纪以来，塔希提岛和瓦努阿图人一直将塔马努油作为天然护肤品。	1
Then, booty that was gained as a result of victories was dedicated to the priesthoods and temples of the deities.	然后，胜利后获得的酒，是献给神灵的灵长类和神庙的。	2
Then came the banks, followed shortly by the insurance companies, all quickly gobbled up by outside money.	然后是银行，接着是保险公司，它们都很快被外部资金所吞下。	1
Then check out this blog focusing on Mind Manager and Gyronix.	然后查看这篇关于思维导管理器和 Gyronix 的博客。	0
Then comes a 'the Windmill Cross' where they have to step on the narrow surface of a spinning obstacle to cross over the water to the next spot.	然后是一个“风车十字”，他们必须在一个旋转的障碍物的狭窄表面上越过水面到下一个点。	0
The need for smart leaders with vision and integrity has never been greater.	对有远见和正直的聪明领导者的需求从未如此巨大。	0
The negotiations will be very challenging, but I think both parties have now realised that not engaging in negotiations an dialogue is not a viable alternative.	谈判将是非常具有挑战性的，但我认为双方现在都认识到，不进行谈判，对话不是一个可行的选择。	2
The New Biographical Dictionary of Film * The completely updated fourth edition of an indispensable reference book for filmgoers, with thirty brand new entries.	电影新传记词典 * 是一本供电影爱好者使用的不可或缺的参考书籍的完整更新的第四版，新增了 30 个全新的条目。	1
The new British authorities thus found that it was impracticable to institute the sort of Register of Title they had wanted.	因此，新的英国当局认为，建立他们所希望的那种所有权登记册是不切实际的。	0
The new building will contain a commercial kitchen, in which Moveable Feast will prepare and package meals for its 650 clients, as well as rooms for dry storage, staging areas for filling grocery bags, and administrative offices.	新楼将设有一个商业厨房，可移动的 Feast 将为 650 名客户准备和打包餐饮，还有干货房，储物区和行政办公室。	2
The new comers finally stood together and watched as Sean helped Emma into his car.	当 Sean 帮助 Emma 进入他的汽车时，新的车马终于站起来观看了。	2
The newest design wine box is made of printed paper.	最新设计的葡萄酒盒由印刷纸制成。	0
The new people of God does not ask of others more that she requires of herself.	神的新人不会再要求他人满足她对自己的要求。	1
The new Publisher and Editor of the Marinwood Village Newsletter is Task Force member Geoff Mack.	《马林伍德村通讯》的新出版者和编辑是工作队成员 Geoff Mack 。	2
The new release includes a set of utility functions for manipulating references to imported data in a document, and for exporting and importing data source settings.	新版本包括一组实用程序功能，用于操作文档中导入数据的引用，以及导出和导入数据源设置。	1
The new report will break down by individual lanes.	新报告将按个别通道细分。	2
The new rules come as defense attorneys are trying to force Gableman off eight cases because they believe he has expressed a bias against criminal defendants and defense attorneys.	新的规则是在辩护律师试图强迫 Gableman 处理 8 起案件时制定的，因为他们认为 Gableman 对刑事被告和辩护律师表示了偏见。	1
The new rules will limit this strategy and force retirees to save consistently over their working lives.	新的规则将限制这一战略，迫使退休人员在工作生活中始终如一地储蓄。	1
The newspaper sees it as a victory for consumers who fear that GM food might be dangerous or that GM organisms might escape into the wild and damage the natural environment.	这份报纸认为这是消费者的一个胜利，他们担心基因改造食品可能是危险的，或者基因改造生物可能会逃进野外并破坏自然环境。	1
The new structure on the low field side forms a plasma blob.	低场侧的新结构形成了一个等离子束。	1
The new template will be presented to the Sate Board of Education for approval at its July 2006 meeting.	新模板将提交国家教育委员会 2006 年 7 月会议批准。	1
The new trend seems to be leaning towards creating or directing companies.	新趋势似乎倾向于创立或指导公司。	1
The New York cultural world runs on things like these.	纽约的文化世界是这样的。	0
The next day she sent Frost an eviction letter.	第二天，她给 Frost 发了一封驱逐信。	0
The next day turned out to be again very nice cycling.	第二天的自行车骑行也很棒。	0
The next is the soccer gold and they are working for it.	其次是足球金牌，他们正在为之努力。	0
The next minute we fell in love with the taste.	下一分钟我们就爱上了这种味道。	0
The next morning Gwen felt rather sick as she woke up and realised where she was.	第二天早上，格文醒来后意识到自己的位置，感到很不舒服。	1
The next morning we had breakfast in the hotel lobby while I washed a couple of last minute things in the guest laundry.	第二天早上我们在酒店大堂吃早餐，我在客人洗衣店洗了几件最后一分钟的东西。	2
The next step is pasting the copied text into another location.	下一步是将复制的文本粘贴到另一个位置。	0
The next week Nebraska will host the #1 team in the country in USC.	下周内布拉斯卡将在 USC 担任该国排名第一的团队的东道国。	0
The NFA had representation on the Fisheries Advisory Council and provided training and education to its members.	国家渔业局在渔业咨询委员会中有代表，并向其成员提供培训和教育。	1
Then finally Inuyasha and Hojo agreed that they would split up the week on these specific days.	最后，伊努伊莎和霍霍霍也同意在这些特定日子里，他们将把这一周分开。	2
Then find out where they gather, live, and train and pay the rest of them a visit.	然后找出他们聚集，居住和训练的地方，并参观其余的地方。	2
Then get the fuck out of the way before the stampede if you value your life.	如果您重视自己的生活，那么在耐力结束前，先让引信远离道路。	2
Then get to your detention before I assign you one of my own for being out in the hallways loitering!	然后，在我为你分配一个我自己的人在走廊里游荡之前，就把你拘留好了！	2
Then have a cracked pepper sauce with some whiskey some pepper and some cream to dip the haggis in.	然后吃一份开裂的辣椒酱和一些威士忌，一些胡椒和一些奶油蘸着哈吉斯。	2
Then he closed his eyes and started to kiss back.	然后他闭上眼睛，开始吻回来。	1
Then he felt it again a sharp pierce.	然后他又觉得这是一个尖锐的刺破。	2
Then he has to rebuild what he loses during Western theater.	然后，他必须重建在西方戏剧中失去的东西。	0
Then he kissed her cheek and just looked to her face for some seconds before kissing her on the lips.	然后他吻了她的脸颊，看了几秒钟，然后在嘴唇上吻了她。	2
Then he said something about his military service and it surprised me because I thought he was about sixteen or seventeen.	然后他说了一些关于他服兵役的事情，这让我感到惊讶，因为我认为他大约是十六到十七岁。	1
Then he sat quietly down next to Hela and Mother.	然后他静静地坐在赫拉和母亲旁边。	0
Then he saw a figure sleeping in the grass near the end of town limits.	然后，他看到一个睡在靠近城镇尽头的草地上的人。	1
Then he saw Blue in a deeper sort of concentration, her eyebrows drawn and a tempest of bluebells in her eyes.	然后他看到了蓝色的深度，她的眉毛被吸引了，她的眼睛里有一个最诱人的蓝铃。	2
Then he started to play a pretty boring rap looking at me how do I like it.	然后他开始扮演一个非常无聊的说唱，看着我是怎么喜欢它的。	2
Then he went very still and just like that he was gone.	然后他走得非常静止，就像他走了一样。	2
Then how have you changed your ads to reflect the happiness of receiving your goods or services as a gift?	那么，您如何改变您的广告，以反映您的商品或服务作为礼物的快乐？	2
The nice man who handles the bills and stuff looks confused.	处理账单和东西的好人看起来很困惑。	1
The night staff was not as accommodating as the day time.	夜班工作人员不像白天那样随和。	0
The night was a full moon; they were just in luck to have deciphered the codes in time, because the moonlight was the key to showing them where the medallion was placed.	那天晚上是满月；他们很幸运地及时解读了代码，因为月光是向他们展示勋章放置位置的关键。	1
The night we could officially be together forever.	我们可以永远正式地在一起的夜晚。	1
Then I got up and started for the door after grabbing a knife from the drawer.	然后我从抽屉里拿了一把刀，就起来，开始开门了。	1
Then I thought about what I did in between my call after work and my call after getting home - Viola!	然后，我想到了我下班后的电话和回家后的电话之间所做的事情——维奥拉！	2
Then I turned to face my friend/ and boyfriend who was smirking.	然后我转向面对我的朋友 / 和男朋友，他在打个砸。	2
Then I was sent back to Ta Pav village and worked as a bike repairman.	然后我被送回塔帕夫村，做自行车修理工。	0
Then I would have sent the nastiest letter to the Headmaster about his educational practices, couched in the most obscene terms possible.	然后，我会给校长写一封最恶心的信，说他的教育行为，这封信的措辞可能是最淫秽的。	2
Then maybe save the other practice test for the final week or so before your real GMAT exam.	然后，也许可以在实际 GMAT 考试之前的最后一周将其他模拟考试保存下来。	1
Then one day he starts running again and ends up living with animals in the zoo.	有一天，他又开始跑步，最后和动物一起生活在动物园里。	2
Then on the sunday they had a familly fun day being registered at the hotel.	然后周日，他们在酒店登记了一个家庭欢乐的日子。	2
The Northern Diver Cortex® drysuit is supplied boxed with a hood, valves and hoses, zip lubricant, user manual and a sturdy drysuit bag which folds open for use as a changing mat.	Northern Diver Cortex ® 干衣盒装，配有护罩，阀门和软管，拉链润滑剂，用户手册和坚固的干衣袋，可折叠开，用作更换垫。	1
The Northern Red Oak that towers over my house is raining fat caterpillars.	我家上方的北红橡树正在下雨。	2
Then others like Monckton Chambers have one fixed period.	而其他人，如蒙克顿 · 钱伯斯，则有一个固定期限。	2
Then pour fish food into a bowl and give it to him.	然后把鱼倒入碗里，交给他。	0
Then select the watercolor brush that you used in step #1.	然后选择您在步骤 1 中使用的水彩刷。	0
Then she chased and ended up in a tree.	然后她追上了，最终在一棵树中结束了。	2
Then she heard footsteps as some vampire jumped from out of nowhere and others surrounded her.	然后她听到脚步声，一些吸血鬼从一个地方跳出来，另一些人包围着她。	2
Then she hugs me and whispers in my ear.	然后她拥抱我，在我的耳朵里低声地低声。	2
Then she packed it in a basket of fruit.	然后她把它打包成一篮水果。	2
Then she saw him, his stupid blonde head bobbing up and down, noodles hanging from his mouth.	然后她看见他，他那愚蠢的金发头上下晃动，面条从他嘴里垂下来。	2
Then suddenly the finger was lifted off his face and he missed the calming, tranquil, and completed feeling it gave him.	然后，突然手指被抬离了他的脸，他错过了平静，平静的感觉，并完全感受到了它给了他的感觉。	2
Then that people is basically attracted by those things which make us forget the meaning of life.	那么，人们基本上被那些让我们忘记生命意义的东西所吸引。	1
Then the audio tech realised that she neeeded to change a setting, but did not let me know this.	然后，音响技术人员意识到她需要改变设置，但没有让我知道这一点。	0
Then the customer is shown details, including an option to view the car park locations via Google Maps or see the travel route.	然后向客户显示详细信息，包括通过 Google Maps 查看停车场位置或查看旅行路线的选项。	0
Then the Door let out steam to get the pressure inside the same as outside.	然后门释放蒸汽，使内部压力与外部压力相同。	0
Then the facilitator asks the participants to state if they live near these sites and, if so, to list what kind of problems they encounter as a result of the presence of tourists.	然后，主持人请与会者说明他们是否居住在这些地点附近，如果居住在附近，则列出他们由于游客的存在而遇到的问题。	1
Then the man went into the room where the mommy and baby were.	然后那个男人走进了妈妈和宝宝的房间。	1
Then the new owners could make the ferry a useful profitable venture.	然后，新的船东可以使渡轮成为一个有益的盈利企业。	2
Then the pressure came to us as to how we were going to supply food and essential materials to the Jaffna peninsula.	然后，我们面临的压力是，我们将如何向贾夫纳半岛供应粮食和基本物资。	1
Then the unbound conjugations will be removed by washing.	然后，不结合的结合将通过洗涤去除。	2
Then the work really began, hours of stitching to define the details of the flowers and outline leaf shapes in the background.	然后，这项工作真的开始了，几个小时的缝合，定义了花的细节，并在背景中勾画了叶的形状。	1
Then they fell silent as the advancing masses obscured the line of fire.	随后，随着前进的群众挡住了火线，他们就沉默了。	0
Then this country will not show in the list anymore.	那么这个国家将不再显示在列表中。	0
The nuclear freeze was joined by a very strong religious left, made up of Catholic bishops and a number of others.	核冻结的同时还有一个由天主教主教和其他一些人组成的非常强大的宗教左翼。	1
The number of inmates returning to prison after graduation has dropped significantly, thereby accomplishing two major goals; to rehabilitate an Indiana inmate and to save the taxpayers money.	毕业后重返监狱的囚犯人数大幅下降，从而实现了两大目标：一名印第安纳囚犯的康复和为纳税人省钱。	2
The number of insurance claims for physical casualties topped the list.	人身伤害保险索赔的数量位居榜首。	0
The number of students per class is simply astronomical in public school.	公立学校每班学生的人数简直是天文数字。	0
The number of the Senate and House of Representatives proposed in the Constitution does not surpass those of our state.	《宪法》中提议的参议院和众议院数目没有超过我国的数目。	1
The number one hope for people in this congregation from the House Meetings in the fall was to get to know each other better.	秋天，众议院会议中，这一会众的第一个希望是更好地了解彼此。	2
The number one news channel is Fox News.	第一个新闻频道是福克斯新闻。	0
The numbers are constantly being generated even when the machine is not being played.	即使在机器未播放时，也会不断生成数字。	0
The numbers attach from the rear to give them a floating look with out having to show the hardware.	数字从后面附加，使其具有浮动的外观，并且必须显示硬件。	2
The nurse who came rushing in took a step backwards at the cold force of his glare.	急着进来的护士在他的眩光下，走了一步。	1
Then we went to the main hall for dinner and dancing.	然后我们去了主厅吃晚餐和跳舞。	0
Then when he reaches for his aching balls, the homeowner will slap the handcuffs on him.	然后当他去找他的痛球时，房主将把手铐戴在他身上。	2
Then why is Japan going to attend the East Asian Summit in December and why is it interested in formulating the EAC?	那么，日本为何要出席 12 月的东亚峰会，为何要制订选管会呢？	1
Then why is there no such myth prior to there being a pope?	那么为什么在出现教皇之前没有这样的神话呢？	0
Then, with a quick flick of her wrist, she broke off one end of the thus weakened shaft and quickly pulled the other out of the wound, before Gabrielle even had a chance to moan.	然后，她用一小会手腕轻轻地折断了那根被削弱的轴的一端，并迅速地将另一端从伤口中拉出，在加布里埃尔甚至有机会动起来之前。	1
Then write an account or a list of what you did in your last problematic scene.	然后写下您在上一个问题场景中所做的事情的帐户或列表。	2
Then you get to continue with the depo itself and you watch the charade unfold as the deponent commits outright FRAUD &amp; PERJURY before your very eyes.	然后你继续与该部门合作，你看着这场骗局的展开，因为该部门在你眼前公然实施欺诈和伪证。	2
Then your friend realizing what she was trying to say and shakes her head in disgust while jumping out of a window, LMBAO!!!	然后你的朋友意识到了她想说的话，在走出窗户的时候，她的头很恶心， LMBAO ！！！	2
Then zeus comes and tells you that if you get the items on his list, he will give you immortality.	然后 Zeus 来告诉你，如果你拿到了他的清单上的物品，他会给你一个不死的印象。	2
The Oakland Hotel in South Woodham Ferrers is a family owned hotel providing a warm and friendly welcome.	位于 South Woodham Ferrers 的奥克兰酒店（ Oakland Hotel ）是一家家庭经营的酒店，提供热情友好的欢迎。	1
The Obama administration wants to avoid nationalizing banks at all costs.	奥巴马政府希望不惜一切代价避免银行的国有化。	0
The objective is to provide the organization with guidance to protect the organization in the event something happens.	目标是为组织提供指导，以便在发生事件时保护组织。	1
The objective is to provide the stable rates that most customers want.	目标是提供大多数客户所需的稳定费率。	0
The objective is to run a competition where the participants are encouraged to learn about both.	目标是举办一场竞赛，鼓励参与者了解这两个方面。	0
The objective of the Human Brain Project is to apply supercomputation to simulate the complexity of the human brain.	人类大脑项目的目标是应用超计算来模拟人类大脑的复杂性。	1
The objective of the project is to strengthen the administrative capacity of the Internal Audit Service to implement effectively the provisions of EC Regulations related to Financial Control and Structural Instruments.	该项目的目标是加强内部审计处的行政能力，以有效执行欧共体条例中有关财务控制和结构工具的规定。	0
The objective of this project was to reduce the waste while guaranteeing a desired service level at all times.	该项目的目标是减少浪费，同时保证始终达到所需的服务水平。	0
The obligations of this Note shall be joint and several.	本说明的义务是共同的和若干的。	1
The obligation to provide information is breached when the information required is not given before the expiry of the deadline.	如果在截止日期到期前未提供所需信息，则违反提供信息的义务。	0
The occasion is War, a title the movie never quite lives up to.	《战争》是电影中从未有过的一个题目。	1
Theodore rolled his eyes in a playful way, taking down the bottle as he looked to her lazily.	Theodore 用一种有趣的方式卷起眼睛，在他懒洋洋地望着她的时候，把瓶子放下来。	2
The offerer was then to recite a confession, recounting the history of his fathers and how Yahweh had redeemed them from Egypt and brought them to the new land.	然后，这位发价人要忏悔，讲述他父亲的历史，以及耶和华如何从埃及赎回他们并将他们带到新的土地上。	1
The officers will have the power to initiate deportation proceedings and will notify the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement.	The officers will have the power to initiate deportation proceedings and will notify the US Immigration and Customs enforcement.	2
The office staff are always helpful and friendly too!	办公室员工总是乐于助人，也很友好！	0
The office staff will assist in the application process.	办事处工作人员将协助申请过程。	0
The official in charge of visa issues said that it was beyond his purview, and he could not made a decision, and would ask for instructions from Beijing.	负责签证问题的官员说，这超出了他的职权范围，他无法作出决定，并将向北京征求指示。	1
The off white peroxyde bleaching is aggressive - nascent oxygen kills all germs and a lots of fibres so the life expectation of the hat will be shorter.	脱白的过氧漂白具有攻击性 - 新生氧气会杀死所有细菌和大量纤维，因此帽子的预期寿命会缩短。	2
The old box is off and ready for the new one!	旧盒子已经关闭，准备好迎接新盒子！	1
The old car lurched round bends and accelerated down the autostrada slip road.	这辆旧车绕着弯弯弯弯折，加速了自驾式支路。	2
The old early readers like the Dick and Jane classics make wonderful scrapbook additions.	早期的读者，如迪克和简经典，创造了精彩的剪贴画。	1
The old man definitely had something coming to him.	这位老人肯定会有什么东西出现在他身上。	2
The old meter has dials and measures the total amount of electricity used in a billing period, typically one or two months, so customers do not have the ability to track their electricity consumption.	旧的电表具有拨号并测量计费周期（通常为一个或两个月）内使用的总电量，因此客户无法跟踪其电力消耗。	2
The Olympic Games have brought with them winds of change.	奥林匹克运动会带来了变革之风。	0
The one additional thing that will make it touching and strong and so forth.	还有一件事会让它变得感人而强大等等。	1
The one and two bedroom apartments and bungalows have the luxury of having the same number of bath or shower rooms, and the three bedroom apartments have two bathrooms.	单卧室和双卧室公寓和平房拥有相同数量的浴室或淋浴房，三卧室公寓有两个浴室。	1
The one culture in the world that has most prominently sanctioned polygamy is Islam.	世界上最受认可的一夫多妻制文化是伊斯兰教。	1
The one on the right is the original design for Sonic.	右侧的是 Sonic 的原始设计。	1
The one person left in my life that I lived with was now in jail.	我生活中剩下的一个人现在被关在监狱里。	1
The ones we have at the moment are obviously not up to the job so anyone else could not be any worse.	我们目前所拥有的那些显然不能胜任这项工作，因此任何其他人都不会更糟。	2
The one with the lovely smile and vueltiao?	有可爱的微笑和 vueltiao 的那个？	1
The ongoing adventures of three best friends since preschool.	三个最棒的朋友自学前班以来一直在进行的探险活动。	0
The ongoing problems are a child who is not a great sleeper!	持续存在的问题是一个不是大睡眠者的孩子！	2
The online retailer will launch at least three brand new devices in the coming months ahead of the Christmas period, Digital Spy said citing BGR.	Digital Spy 引用 BGR 表示，在线零售商将在圣诞节前的未来几个月内推出至少三款全新的设备。	1
The only blurb I found on it was in D magizine a couple of years ago.	我发现的唯一一个话术是几年前在 D magizine 。	2
The only competition there should be is in convincing people why you are better.	唯一的竞争应该是说服人们为什么你会更好。	1
The only difference being that it contains input field to allow user to edit fields.	唯一的区别是它包含允许用户编辑字段的输入字段。	0
The only errand I did was to the wine store to get an old favorite of mine.	我唯一的错误是去葡萄酒商店买了一个我的老爱。	2
The only game where a human can currently compete against a computer is Go.	人类目前能够与计算机竞争的唯一游戏就是去玩。	2
The only good I see from this prosperity so far is the development of water desalinization plants.	迄今为止，我从这一繁荣中看到的唯一好处是水淡化厂的发展。	1
The only hope for the people is an ancient prophecy cast long ago, yet still spoken of and hoped for by the city s desperate populace.	人民的唯一希望是很久以前的预言，但城市绝望的民众仍然在谈论和希望。	2
The only James Morasco listed in Philadelphia has been silenced -- right there in the City of Brotherly Love.	费城唯一的詹姆斯 · 莫拉斯科被压制了——就在兄弟之爱之城。	2
The only medical studies prior to the marketing of these new generation taser models were tests on animals commissioned by the Taser International; none of these studies has been peer reviewed.	在营销这些新一代泰瑟模型之前，唯一的医学研究是由泰瑟国际委托进行的动物试验；这些研究中没有一项经过同行审查。	0
The only one of their forces to escape was the Maquis leader herself.	他们唯一逃脱的一支部队是马基斯领导人本人。	2
The only person who cares whether I live or die.	唯一关心我是活着还是死亡的人。	0
The only question is how much damage will have been done before that moment comes.	唯一的问题是，在这一时刻到来之前将会造成多少损害。	0
The only question is whether the reward compensates for the legal risk.	唯一的问题是奖励是否补偿了法律风险。	0
The only reason I can think of to turn off this setting is if you are scanning a poetry book, that way the lines will be preserved.	我能想到的关闭这个设置的唯一原因是如果你正在扫描一本诗歌书，这样线条就会被保留下来。	1
The only small problem is that being told the number of spaces and letters without being able to see the page grows a bit maddening.	唯一的小问题是，被告知空格和字母的数量而不能看到页面，这一点变得有点令人迷想。	2
The only soup the Hotel had was Minestrone and they only gave me this after much struggle.	酒店唯一的汤是 Minestrone ，他们经过了很多努力才给了我。	2
The only thing he cared about was reaching his destination.	他唯一关心的是到达目的地。	0
The only thing he ever put any effort into was looking pretty or chasing after Sasuke.	他唯一的努力就是看着漂亮的东西，或是追着 Sasuke 。	1
The only thing I can suggest is that this is a different crowd that surrounds this president.	我唯一可以说的是，这是围绕着这位总统的不同人群。	1
The only thing is the edible bone went in an hour!!	唯一的问题是一个小时内食用的骨头！！	2
The only thing not clear to me is the school situation because it falls in Austin ISD.	我唯一不清楚的是学校的情况，因为它在奥斯汀 ISD 。	0
The only thing that comes to mind is that the boys were seperated from their mothers almost imediately.	唯一想到的是，男孩与母亲几乎完全分离。	2
The only thing that I thought was missing was additionally needed stage setting.	我认为唯一缺少的是额外需要的阶段设置。	1
The only thing that kept her going was knowing that he was in the same shape as her.	唯一让她继续前进的是知道他和她的身体是一样的。	2
The only thing to do was to mumble a quick apology and complain about how bad my eyesight was getting lately...	唯一要做的事情是快速道歉并抱怨我的视力最近有多差 ...	1
The only thing you are allowed to do is to resell the product to the end user.	允许您做的唯一事情是将产品转售给最终用户。	0
The only time blending in can be great for your business!	唯一的融合时间对您的业务来说是极好的！	2
The only time I have left him is if he has been hospitalized and even then it was for the shortest time I could manage.	我离开他的唯一时间是他是否住院，即使是在那时，我也能应付的最短时间。	2
The only way popes are supposed to resign is through death.	教皇辞职的唯一途径是死亡。	0
The only way the Cross would be in reference to Satan is that Christ overcame him on it.	十字架对撒旦的唯一指路是基督将他推翻在撒旦身上。	1
The only way to secure that desired privacy is to not be seen and therefore provide people no basis for knowing this fact.	确保所需隐私的唯一方法是不被人看到，因此不能为人们提供了解这一事实的依据。	2
The opalescence of her face vied with the noonday sun.	她脸上的光肿随着日间的太阳而开始。	2
The Open University can either go forward and continue to do its marvellous work or it can be held back.	开放大学可以继续前进，继续做它的了不起的工作，也可以被搁置起来。	2
The operative element 110 may also include an angle or bend to facilitate access to deep as well as superficial structures without the need for a large incision.	操作要素 110 还可能包括一个角度或弯曲，以方便进入深结构和表面结构，而无需进行大切口。	1
The OPP are still not policing beyond the DCE: Sixth Line, Oneida and the back of Sterling.	The OPP are still not policing beyond the DCE: Sixth Line, Oneida and the back of Sterling.	2
The opportunity to bring local businessmen in their offices and show what your business is all a great opportunity to freely advertise.	有机会让当地商人到他们的办公室，展示您的企业是一个自由广告的好机会。	1
The opportunity to have this option in the original version of CHAQ and to use it to access the face validity was very important.	在 CHAQ 的原始版本中有机会使用此选项并使用它来访问面部有效性是非常重要的。	0
The organization is doing all it can to help millions of children and women survive what is shaping up to be a major humanitarian crisis.	本组织正在尽一切努力帮助数百万儿童和妇女渡过正在形成的一场重大人道主义危机。	1
The organization knew where Osborne was most vulnerable, and if they succeeded in him killing his own bill, his family would never be safe again.	该组织知道 Osborne 最脆弱的地方，如果他们成功地杀死了自己的账单，他的家人就永远不会再安全了。	1
The origin of the Vedic civilization and its relation to the Indus Valley civilization remains highly controversial and politically charged.	吠陀文明的起源及其与印度河流域文明的关系仍然是极具争议和政治上的指责。	1
The other 2 sites give the opportunity for other group activities to break off from the main events if they are uninteresting in them and do their on thing.	其他两个站点为其他团体活动提供了机会，如果他们对主要活动不感兴趣并做了自己的事情，就可以从这些活动中脱离出来。	2
The other cabinets and workbenches held similar booty.	其他的橱柜和工作台也有类似的靴子。	0
The other choice was a passion fruit sorbet and there was just no contest.	另一个选择是激情水果冰沙，没有比赛。	2
The other gal in the group ordered the calamari.	The other gal in the group ordered the 鱿鱼 .	2
The other members of the clan found this idea stupid but John was both annoyed and moved by it.	这部族的其他成员发现这一想法很愚蠢，但约翰两人都很生气，被它感动了。	1
The other member was Bijay Kumar Gachhedar, a leader from the United Democratic Madhesi Morcha, the bloc of the five parties from the Terai plains.	另一名成员是比贾伊 · 库马尔 · 加什达尔，他是联合民主马德西 · 莫尔查的领导人，是特莱平原五党集团的领导人。	0
The other sensor models except those two models did provide the accuracy in acceptance level for capturing geospatial information.	除这两种型号外，其他传感器型号确实提供了获取地理空间信息的验收水平的准确性。	1
The others joined them and they walked out of the building in an awkward silence.	其他人也加入了他们的行列，他们在一个尴尬的沉默中走出了大楼。	0
The others were already in deep trouble thanks to the barrage of arrows from earlier.	其他人由于早些时候的箭之暴而已经陷入了严重的麻烦。	2
The other thing to note about rice is that you should use rice that is from a sealed pack.	另一个要注意的是大米应该使用密封包装的大米。	1
The outbreak involves eight homes at the Beechmar Grange development at Auchinclech, all of which share the same water supply.	这一疾病的爆发涉及奥辛克克赫 Beechmar Grange 发展区的八个住房，所有这些住房都有相同的供水。	1
The outdoor environment is also such that on one level the entire gameworld is a dungeon.	户外环境也是如此，在一个层面上，整个框架都是地牢。	2
The overall cost of the acquisition was not disclosed.	购置的总费用没有披露。	0
The overall game may be a sequel into the previous brands produced in '09 and also employs all the situations for Famous.	整个游戏可能是 2009 年生产的前几个品牌的延续，也会采用所有著名的场景。	1
The overall height of the identification sign shall not exceed twenty (20) feet above the center line of the street at a point nearest the sign.	身份证标志的总高度不得超过街道中心线最接近标志的点处二十 (20) 英尺。	2
The overall infection rate was found to be 9.	总感染率为 9 。	0
The overall plot was simple, but the execution was over the top- I can only imagine the planning in this.	总体规划很简单，但执行是超越了最高水平的——我只能想象这方面的规划。	1
The overriding goal at Moody Gardens is to provide excellent service and memories for you and your family.	穆迪花园的首要目标是为您和您的家人提供优质的服务和美好的回忆。	0
The oversized driver happened years after the oversized tennis racket.	这位超大的司机是在超大的网球拍数年后出现的。	2
The owner lady always tops up the jukebox with money from the till for us.	店主女士总是用从收银台为我们准备的钱来为我们准备点唱机。	2
The ownership of the Partnerships is as set forth in Section 1 of the Disclosure Statement.	伙伴关系的所有权如披露声明第 1 节所述。	2
The paints worked beautifully as is the norm with Humbrol.	这些油漆的效果很好，与 Humbrol 的标准一样。	0
The pair of men walked through the door that the kids had used to enter the room, leaving the pair sitting in silence under the table.	这对男人穿过孩子们过去进入房间的门，让他们在桌子下面安静地坐着。	1
The Palestinian and Israeli leaders arrived on Sunday to Washington.	巴勒斯坦和以色列领导人周日抵达华盛顿。	0
The panels on the ends are slightly narrower so that they fit inside when folded.	两端的面板稍窄，以便折叠时可以安装在内部。	1
The panel will aim to vary the timing of visits more in 2009.	专家小组的目标是在 2009 年对访问时间作出更多的改变。	0
The panel will be free of any connections once all of the screws and panels in the previous steps have been removed.	卸下前面步骤中的所有螺钉和面板后，面板将无任何连接。	0
The parallel nature of the application comes from the use of web services to perform the permutations.	应用程序的并行性质来自使用 Web 服务执行排列。	0
The Parental Alienation Syndrome and the Differentiation between Fabricated and Genuine Child Sex Abuse.	The Parental alienation Syndrome and the differentiation between fabricated and genuine Child sex abuse.	2
The Parliamentary Secretary has been very reasonable in the past and acknowledged on Tuesday that we had made some valid arguments.	议会秘书过去是非常合理的，星期二承认我们提出了一些合理的论点。	0
The partial meal will be a nutritionally adequate meal consisting of a cheese sandwich and nonfat white milk.	部分膳食将是一顿营养充足的膳食，包括奶酪三明治和非脂肪白牛奶。	1
The particles were found in batches of the drug distributed between January and June of this year.	在今年 1 月至 6 月期间分发的一批毒品中发现了这些颗粒。	2
The party was massacred by Indians and their boat stolen.	The party was massacred by Indians and their boat stolen.	2
The passages leading to her quarters were labyrinthine, layered with traps designed to maim and kill those careless enough to trigger them.	通往她宿舍的通道是迷宫，上面有一层陷阱，旨在使那些粗心大意的人受到伤害和杀害，足以触发他们。	1
The passport he finds in the safe at the bank reveals his identity.	他在银行保险箱中找到的护照显示了他的身份。	1
The path specified must be an absolute path and not relative.	指定的路径必须是绝对路径，而不是相对路径。	0
The patient with multiple areas of tumor growth in the peristomal area may require flexible equipment that conforms to the area on an uneven abdominal surface.	在腹膜区域肿瘤生长多个区域的患者可能需要灵活的设备，以适应不均匀腹部表面的区域。	2
The Patterns of War Through the Eighteenth Century.	The Patterns of War through the Eighteenth Century.	2
The peak correlator output is obtained across all Doppler channels, and if its value exceeds a certain threshold a signal is considered acquired with a corresponding Doppler velocity v det and signal start t det .	峰值 correlator 输出在所有多普勒通道中都获得，如果其值超过特定阈值，则将使用相应的多普勒速度与信号启动坐标采集信号。	0
The peak was named by Verplanck Colvin for several basins formed between knobs on its slopes.	峰由 Verplanck Colvin 命名，用于在其斜坡上的旋钮之间形成的几个盆地。	1
The people at the pilot rumour network seem a bit sceptical about the spitfires buried in Burma story.	飞行员传闻网络的人们似乎对缅甸的“大火”的故事有点怀疑。	1
The people genuinely believed that their friends had been gassed and robbed.	人民真切地相信，他们的朋友遭到了围劫和抢劫。	1
The people older than 65 participate in cash to the provision of their health services less than the rest of the citizens.	65 岁以上的人比其他公民少用现金提供保健服务。	2
The people were staring at me with wide eyes.	人们对我的目光十分广阔。	2
The perfect blend of supports and cushions is crafted for the player who needs maximum performance in a lightweight package.	支撑和衬垫的完美结合是为需要在轻质包装中获得最佳性能的球员而精心打造的。	1
The perfect blend of tenacious energy and loving demeanor.	坚韧的精力和热爱的举止完美融合。	2
The perfect year round lock up and leave pied a terre.	完美的一年四季锁定，让您心满意于事。	1
The perpetual trophy shall be kept for the year in the YC of the winning skipper.	永久奖杯应保留在获胜船长的 YC 中一年。	2
The person you choose should be someone you feel safe with, safe enough to tell them your needs and what you prefer.	您选择的人应该是您感到安全的人，足够安全，可以告诉他们您的需求和您的偏好。	1
The Pest Management Regulatory Agency will maintain timely and open communication to respond to the needs and expectations of all Canadians.	Pest Management Regulatory Agency will maintain timely and open communication to respond to the needs and expectations of all Canadians.	2
The Pet Hair Magnet gathers pet hair like a magnet and making it easy to wipe away.	宠物毛发磁铁可以像磁铁一样收集宠物毛发，使其易于擦除。	2
The pet industry continues to grow by leap and bounds so the demand is there for good quality products.	宠物业不断扩大，因此对优质产品的需求也在不断增加。	0
The petition for rehearing and for rehearing en banc is DENIED.	要求重新审理和重新审理的请求被驳回。	2
The pharmacist asked for my details before he finished his call with the PCT.	药剂师在完成与 PCT 的通话前询问了我的详细信息。	0
The phase velocity is the speed that the peaks inside the packet oscillate, and the group velocity is the speed the wave packet actually propagates.	相速是数据包内峰值的振荡速度，组速率是数据包实际传播的速度。	0
The Philosophy of food combining, in which certain foods are said to compliment or oppose each other in the digestive process, is based primarily on cooked food and cooked food only!	食品组合的理念，在消化过程中，某些食品被认为相互补充或相互对立，主要是基于熟食品和熟食品！	2
The Phoenix was not a power to be taken lightly the person who was to have this power had to be a person with compassion and kindness; a person of angelic kindness.	凤凰不是一种轻视的权力，拥有这种权力的人必须是一个同情和善良的人；一个有福音的善良的人。	1
The photo can be anything that you like as long as it is PG Rated.	只要是 PG 级照片，照片就可以成为您喜欢的任何东西。	1
The photographer will no longer look at the world as before with the end of a journey where he separates from his dominating stance.	随着他与主导地位的分离，摄影师将不再像以前那样看待世界。	1
The photographs are of a uniformly high standard and well printed on high quality art paper throughout.	这些照片都是高标准的，并在高质量的艺术纸上打印得很好。	1
The physics on the guy falling down the stairs was great as well as when the news stands exploded.	从楼梯下来的那个人的物理学以及新闻台爆炸的时候都很棒。	2
The physiological reason to run slower at the start is to allow your heart rate to come up very slowly.	在开始时慢跑的生理原因是让您的心率缓慢上升。	2
The piece includes an interview with coordinator Yang Schmitt about the purpose and background of the course, as well as contact information for those interested.	这篇文章包括与协调员 Yang Schmitt 的访谈，内容涉及课程的目的和背景，以及感兴趣的人的联系信息。	1
The pieces fly back to form the wall as they are stepped over.	这些碎片在被人踩踏时飞回墙壁。	2
The pikachu grunted, charging a thunderbolt and launching it at the perp, the Sneasel that Hawkeye had beat up the first time they had been in crevice cave.	皮卡丘狂奔，向雷电充电，并在危险区发射它，霍克凯在洞穴中第一次被击败的新萨尔。	2
The pilot seemed to offer the opportunity for professional reflection and the promotion of social pedagogy.	该试点项目似乎提供了专业反思和促进社会教育的机会。	0
The pincushion plant needs to be cultivated in an acid substratum, with a lower PH level than 5.	需要在酸底层种植枕形植物， PH 值低于 5 。	0
The pinnacle of the award sees our students undertake the most rewarding and challenging experiences there is to offer.	该奖项的顶峰是我们的学生能够体验到最有回报和最具挑战性的体验。	1
The pizza and beer tasted even better though.	披萨和啤酒尝起来更好。	0
The place was... magical, that was the only word that would come to his mind to describe the place.	这个地方很神奇，这是他唯一能想到的描述这个地方的词语。	1
The place where she felt like she was beginning to understand him.	她觉得自己开始理解他的地方。	2
The plaintiff was living in an apartment and the husband residing in the jointly owned home.	原告居住在公寓中，丈夫居住在共同拥有的住宅中。	0
The plant was also built with as much local business as possible.	该工厂还尽可能多地与当地企业合作建造。	1
The plastered WARNING sticker on the window mentions you will be penalized to the fullest of law if you remove or damage the boots.	窗口上的标有石柱的警告标签提到，如果您拆除或损坏靴子，您将受到最严厉的惩罚。	0
The plot is really unique and I like how everything has been done.	这一图解真的很独特，我喜欢一切的完成方式。	1
The plots of the Romans seem more than matched by those of the Clefts and the Monsters.	罗姆人的阴谋似乎比那些小丑和怪物的阴谋更能匹配。	2
The point is to keep moving in the right direction and pick up the pieces and use them to our advantage along the way.	关键是保持正确的方向，拿起这些碎片，并在途中将它们用于我们的优势。	2
The point specified here is the position relative to the origin.	此处指定的点是相对于原点的位置。	0
The Police also arrested two men suspected to be in the business of robbing people of their cell phones and clothes.	警方亦拘捕两名涉嫌从事盗窃手提电话及衣服业务的男子。	1
The police chief and committee members speculated that the lower crime rate may be the result of increased police presence.	警察局长和委员会成员推测，犯罪率较低可能是警察增加造成的。	0
The policy terms must be construed in the context of the whole policy and the circumstances of the case, and cannot be deemed ambiguous in the abstract.	政策条款必须根据整个政策和案情来解释，不能抽象地视为含糊。	1
The policy toward Latin America adopted by the EU in 1994 was influential.	1994 年欧盟对拉丁美洲采取的政策具有影响力。	0
The population information for each subgroup comes from the decennial census counts, with adjustments made between census years for deaths, net migration, net military service and net flows into institutions.	每个分组的人口信息来自十年普查计数，在人口普查年数之间对死亡，净移民，净兵役和机构净流入进行了调整。	0
The population will be asked to decide between our strong record and powerful plans and those of the PA.	我们将要求民众在我们的强大记录和强大计划与巴勒斯坦权力机构的计划之间做出决定。	1
The port of conditions of CIF port of Feodosia when goods by ferry to this state as guilt.	当通过渡轮向该州运送货物时，福多西亚的 CIF 港口的条件港口即为犯罪。	2
The ports around New Orleans are located as far north as they can be while still being accessible to oceangoing vessels.	新奥尔良周围的港口位于尽可能北的地方，但仍可供远洋轮船使用。	1
The position is usually held by a colonel, although a lieutenant colonel can be selected for brigade command in lieu of an available colonel.	这一职位通常由一名上校担任，尽管可以选择一名中校代替一名现有的上校担任旅指挥官。	1
The position I take on the amendment is that it is not realistic in terms of its complexity.	我对修正案的立场是，修正案的复杂性并不现实。	1
The positive impact of this initiative will be even more evident as soon as the data on consumption of the next few years will be available.	一旦获得未来几年的消费数据，这一举措的积极影响就会更加明显。	1
The possibility of such violent lawlessness is what we should all worry about.	这种暴力无法无天的可能性是我们大家都应该担心的。	2
The potential effects and benefits of the new proposed road scheme are examined in a separate report which forms the next item on this Agenda.	新建议的道路计划的潜在影响和好处，将在另一份报告中加以研究，该报告将成为本议程的下一个项目。	1
The potential themes for the seminar were also discussed at the February meeting of the EAEA (The European Association for the Education of Adults).	欧洲成人教育协会 2 月份的会议也讨论了研讨会的潜在主题。	0
The powder mixes well in a shaker so is great to take to the gym and mix up after your workout.	粉末在摇床中混合良好，因此在锻炼后可以去健身房和混合。	2
The power of positive thought is astounding but we should also keep ourselves grounded.	积极思想的力量令人震惊，但我们也应该坚持下去。	0
The power of the Creator is in the Creation, and the world can be compared to the shell of an insect that is an integral part of its body.	创造者的力量在于创造，世界可以与昆虫的壳相比较，昆虫是其身体不可分割的一部分。	2
The preface is a valuable resource because it provides autobiographical details not otherwise available.	前言是一个宝贵的资源，因为它提供了其他地方无法获得的自动地理细节。	1
The Premier of the State Council is one of the best known leaders of the world.	国务院总理是世界上最知名的领导人之一。	0
The Prenatal Classes educate our teens the importance of making all of their prenatal appointments with their Obstetrician, taking their prenatal vitamins to eating healthy during their pregnancy.	产前课程教育我们的青少年必须与产科医生一起进行所有产前预约，在怀孕期间将产前维生素用于健康饮食。	1
The prepared testimony of the witnesses is available for download.	证人准备的证词可供下载。	0
The presence of a female teacher can help girls and parents feel more confident in sending their daughters to school.	女教师的存在可以帮助女童和父母更有信心送女儿上学。	0
The presence of our two new candidates was an encouragement to the other young people present, demonstrating that it is possible and vital for young Poles to serve God in Africa as missionaries.	我们的两名新候选人的出现是对在场的其他年轻人的鼓励，表明年轻的波兰人有可能而且至关重要地在非洲将上帝作为传教士。	2
The presentation and materials were evocative and the pupils left the hall animated to say the least.	演讲和材料都是生动的，学生们离开大厅时至少会动起来说。	2
The presenters talked about what is currently available and how to access that information, but more importantly they wanted to hear from the rural GLTB participants on their ideas and suggestions.	发言者谈到了目前的情况以及如何获得这些信息，但更重要的是，他们希望听到农村地方政府资助机构的与会者提出的想法和建议。	0
The present invention discloses a kind of eye drop liquid for treating senile cataract in the early stage and the swelling stage.	目前的发明揭示了一种滴眼液，用于在早期阶段和肿胀阶段治疗老年性白内障。	0
The present invention relates to a zirconium alloy having excellent corrosion resistance and mechanical properties and a method for preparing a nuclear fuel cladding tube by zirconium alloy.	目前的发明涉及到一种具有极佳耐腐蚀性和机械特性的锆合金，以及一种用锆合金制备核燃料覆层管的方法。	1
The President of Greece was warmly welcomed by the President of Azerbaijan Ilham Aliyev.	希腊总统受到阿塞拜疆总统伊尔哈姆 · 阿利耶夫的热烈欢迎。	0
The President requires an experienced Secretary to run his office.	总统要求有一位经验丰富的秘书来管理他的办公室。	0
The President shall call a Special Business Meeting within 28 days of receiving a request, signed by no fewer than thirty members specifying the nature of the business.	主席应在收到至少由 30 名成员签署并具体说明业务性质的请求后 28 天内召开特别业务会议。	0
The pressure port came standard with the engine.	压力端口是发动机的标准配置。	0
The Pressure Pro sounded an alarm on the front left tire of the car.	压力专业版在车辆左前轮胎上发出警报。	1
The pretty tulip design in shades of mustard, olive and rusty red really pops against the black background.	漂亮的郁金香设计，芥末，橄榄和红锈色的阴影，真正地与黑色背景相比较。	2
The price of oil is set on the exchange by people trading oil futures.	石油价格是以石油期货交易者的交换为基础的。	1
The prices will depend on factor such as the material to be used, the county it is located in among others.	价格将取决于要使用的材料，它所在的县等因素。	1
The price tag for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan could top two trillion dollars over the next decade.	伊拉克和阿富汗战争的价格在未来十年可能超过 2 万亿美元。	1
The primary factor in choosing conservatory roofing and glazing will for most people be one of aesthetics the overall appearance of the conservatory from both inside and outside.	选择温室屋顶和玻璃的主要因素将是大多数人的美学——温室的整体外观——从室内到室外。	2
The primary goals of the learning center program are to implement IEP goals and to support students with their courses in the general education program.	学习中心方案的主要目标是实现 IEP 目标，并支持学生学习普通教育方案的课程。	0
The primary purpose of all Labour politicians at the moment is the maximum unity in placing that choice before the people of this country.	目前所有工党政治家的首要目的是在将这一选择置于该国人民面前时实现最大程度的团结。	1
The principal charges brought against his biological work have been inaccuracy and hasty generalization.	对他的生物工作提出的主要指控是不准确和草率的泛化。	0
The principles of correlation have been used in all forms of information extraction, why not for all aspects of online data as well!	相关原则已用于所有形式的信息提取，为什么不用于在线数据的所有方面呢？	0
The principles of the laws are explained based on the famous Rishonim and Achronim opinions and are divided according to topics.	法律的原则是根据著名的里尚尼姆和亚历山大的观点解释的，并按主题划分。	1
The print quality at all font sizes was found to be sharp.	所有字体大小的打印质量都很清晰。	1
The prison bathed in silence and in a slight darkness.	The prison bathed in silence and in a slight darkness.	2
The private media cover mainly those of opposition.	私人媒体主要报道反对派的媒体。	2
The probability that an item will be in an operable and commitable state at the start of a mission when the mission is called for at a random time.	当任务在随机时间被调用时，项目在任务开始时将处于可操作和可交付状态的概率。	0
The problem is that Mr Mbeki has expressed a view that many people -- and in particular those who are dominant in the discourse of the public agenda -- do not share with him.	问题是，姆贝基先生曾表示，许多人，特别是那些在公共议程上占主导地位的人，与他不一样。	1
The problem is that they can be sold a computer system and a router or wireless router but not have any idea on what the router is actually for.	问题是他们可以出售计算机系统和路由器或无线路由器，但对路由器的实际作用一无所知。	0
The problem that drove him to look for a solution was with SSL key validation.	促使他寻找解决方案的问题是 SSL 密钥验证。	0
The problem today is that we are eating highly processed grains and lots of them.	今天的问题是，我们吃的是高加工谷物和许多谷物。	1
The problem was that I had no real role model, no one tangible with a background like mine that I could clearly understand how they went from nothing to something.	问题是我没有真正的榜样，没有人像我这样有一个真实的背景，我可以清楚地理解他们是如何从什么变成什么的。	2
The problem we have is that the machines are still being promoted with a $50 cash back offer and we think that increase funds this marketing ploy.	我们面临的问题是，这些机器仍在以 50 美元的现金回付方式进行促销，我们认为这种营销策略会增加资金。	1
The problem with having everything in your trunk waiting to become your GHB is that putting it all together takes time you might not have.	让你的行李箱里的所有东西都等待成为你的 GHB 的问题是把它放在一起需要你的时间。	2
The problem with introducing students too quickly into a free sparring situation is that bad habits can quickly develop that can become very hard to break.	将学生引入免费的麻雀环境的问题是，不良习惯会迅速发展，很难打破。	2
The procedure involves inducing premature labour and dilating the cervix to cause premature delivery.	该程序包括诱导早产和稀释子宫颈以导致早产。	1
The process commences with the collection of mobile phones from consumers and includes their being despatched for recycling.	这一过程从向消费者收集移动电话开始，包括将其送往回收利用。	1
The process of buying a car can be daunting.	购买汽车的过程可能很艰巨。	0
The process requires allotments to be procured prior to submittal of a subdivision map and building permit application.	该流程要求在提交细分地图和建筑许可申请之前获得拨款。	0
The products of its countryside are noticeable in local cuisine, which is authentic and full of aromas and flavours.	乡村地区的产品在当地美食中非常引人注目，这是正宗的，充满了芳香和风味。	1
The professor will not provide remedial help concerning writing problems.	教授不会就书面问题提供补救。	1
The program consists of online participation and independent study.	该方案包括在线参与和独立研究。	0
The program is being piloted in Penn residences selected because of house culture and the interests of house deans, but the University expects to expand the program across the entire campus.	由于房屋文化和房屋主任的兴趣，该计划正在宾夕法尼亚州的住宅中试行，但该大学预计将在整个校园中推广该计划。	1
The programmers who code the change will test the change in the development environment prior to releasing the programming change to the user for final acceptance testing.	对更改进行编码的程序员将在将编程更改发布给用户进行最终验收测试之前测试开发环境中的更改。	2
The programmes can be in any Indian language.	这些节目可以使用任何印度语言。	2
The program provides short- term scientific training for international agricultural research scientists and policymakers from selected developing countries.	该方案为选定发展中国家的国际农业研究科学家和决策者提供短期科学培训。	0
The programs are open to MCF members and nonmember grantmakers.	这些方案向 MCF 成员和非成员的研磨人员开放。	1
The programs teach and test the curriculum while the student works independently to practice and master these skills and boost their grades at school.	这些课程教授和测试课程，而学生则独立工作，练习和掌握这些技能，并提高他们在学校的成绩。	1
The program will automatically compute the remaining term on your loan.	该计划将自动计算您贷款的剩余期限。	1
The progress element could represent the progress of a file being uploaded. meter Represents a scalar measurement within a known range.	Progress 元素可以表示正在上载的文件的进度。 Meter 表示已知范围内的标量度。	1
The progression through these stages of development has been driven less by research than by changes in technology and educational theory.	在这些发展阶段中，研究的推动力小于技术和教育理论的变化。	2
The project combines a visiting service with computer and internet training courses.	该项目将访问服务与计算机和互联网培训课程结合起来。	0
The project seeks to establish a sustainable network between scientific stakeholders and practitioners, and will focus on biomass production.	The project seeks to establish a sustainable network between scientific stakeholders and practitioners, and will focus on biomass production.	2
The project started when the grade 3 students became concerned that diseased trees in the schoolyard had been cut down.	该项目是在三年级学生担心校园内的树木被砍伐时开始的。	1
The Project Team We make sure that all work is clearly defined and that we understand your expectations.	项目团队我们确保所有工作都得到明确定义，并且我们理解您的期望。	0
The project was together developed in the end of 2007.	该项目于 2007 年底共同开发。	0
The proper term is blog post or blog entry.	正确的术语是博客帖子或博客条目。	1
The property benefits from an elevated postion offering beautiful views fo the countryside and a perfect setting to relax and unwind.	酒店的位置较高，可以欣赏到美丽的乡村景色，环境优美，适合休闲放松。	0
The property is more than sufficient for a good family holiday and although the owners live next door they are not at all intrusive.	这家酒店非常适合家庭度假，虽然业主住在隔壁，但他们一点也不会打扰到客人。	0
The property is supplied with electricity as well as running water inside and outside the house.	酒店内部和外部都有供电和自来水供应。	0
The proposal was rejected by Cyprus and Greece as well as the UN and the five permanent members of the Security Council.	塞浦路斯和希腊以及联合国和安全理事会五个常任理事国拒绝了这一建议。	0
The proposed amendments are necessary since the State must have the authority to review construction and reconstruction of major sources of hazardous air pollutants as part of the Part 70 Operating Permit Program.	拟议的修正是必要的，因为国家必须有权作为第 70 部分操作许可证方案的一部分，审查主要危险空气污染物来源的建造和重建。	1
The proposed cuts would critically affect development grants to this region, Myers said.	迈尔斯说，拟议的削减将严重影响对该地区的发展赠款。	1
The proposed paper draws on examples of health data gathering and develops a reflection on European public health databases.	拟议的文件借鉴了卫生数据收集的实例，并对欧洲公共卫生数据库进行了反思。	1
The Pro Shop is definitely worth returning when your game is done.	当你的比赛结束时，专业商店绝对值得再来。	1
The prospect of an MRI is now a little clearer in my head.	现在，我的脑子里对 MRI 的前景有点清楚。	1
The prospects for sea level monitoring are good.	海平面监测的前景良好。	0
The prostitution of men while she could catch.	男人在她能抓住的时候卖淫。	2
The protein concentration of the supernatant was determined by using Coomassie Blue Plus protein assay kit.	上清液的蛋白浓度是通过使用 Coomassie Blue Plus 蛋白检测试剂盒确定的。	1
The proteins found are many but as a first step in classifying them integral and peripheral proteins may be distinguished.	发现的蛋白质很多，但作为对其进行分类的第一步，可以区分整体蛋白和外周蛋白。	0
The Province will not accept tenders for alternative products or services, that is, a different material, a different method of work or different approach.	该省将不接受替代产品或服务的投标，即不同材料，不同工作方法或不同方法。	1
The provincial achievement levels and their SES gradients were stable across the six domains of mathematics.	在六个数学领域，省级成就水平及其 SES 梯度保持稳定。	1
The provision of a ventilation pipe will reduce smells and may be useful in preventing flies from entering the unit.	通风管的安装将减少气味，并有助于防止苍蝇进入机组。	1
The provisions of the constitutions relating to legislative powers over counties, instead of being strictly construed have ingeniously circumvented.	宪法中有关对各州立法权力的规定，不是被严格解释，而是巧妙地规避了。	0
The provisions will bring the law in this respect into line with the position in criminal proceedings.	这些规定将使这方面的法律与刑事诉讼中的立场相一致。	0
The psaltery is referred to in the Bible , and this probably refers to the Egyptian nebel or portable harp .	《圣经》中提到了诗篇，这很可能是指埃及的神经或手提式的竖琴。	0
The publicity and other opportunities afforded by the Internet shift the disclosure into an entirely different dimension.	互联网提供的宣传和其他机会将披露转变为一个完全不同的层面。	0
The Public Scoping Meeting will include a discussion of the Scoping and EIS process and a description of the alternatives evaluated.	公众范围界定会议将包括对范围界定和环境信息系统进程的讨论，以及对所评估备选方案的说明。	0
The pulp specimens were processed and the histopathologic diagnoses were categorised and correlated with the patients' complaints.	对纸浆标本进行了处理，组织病理学诊断进行了分类，并与患者投诉相关。	1
The pump can be programmed to change the basal insulin dose during the course of the day.	可以对泵进行编程，以在一天中更改基底胰岛素剂量。	1
The purpose of Nike is to meet actual and potential customer needs,. doing this the ethical and legal way.	Nike 的宗旨是满足实际和潜在客户需求。以道德和法律的方式行事。	2
The purpose of the touch screen is to provide the user with a single interface to the instrument.	触摸屏的目的是为用户提供仪器的单一界面。	0
The purpose of the work was to protect the wall from the ongoing weathering processes by means of treating the mudbricks, filling in the holes that formed inside the wall and reinforcing the plaster.	这项工作的目的是通过处理泥石流，填充墙内形成的洞和加固石膏，保护墙免受正在进行的风化过程的影响。	1
The purpose of this paper is to explore some questions around the process of engaging in research in restorative justice in the contemporary political and economic climate of the UK.	本文件的目的是探讨在联合王国当代政治和经济气候下开展恢复性司法研究的过程中的一些问题。	2
The QC also argued that Hoey had been arrested in September 1998 and again in June 1999 when he was held for up to seven days on both occasions.	质量控制委员会还称， Hoey 于 1998 年 9 月被捕， 1999 年 6 月再次被捕，当时他两次被关押长达 7 天。	1
The quality of play by the replacement players was not good, although there were several American amatuer players that showed they could play the game.	替换球员的比赛质量不好，尽管有几个美国的阿马图球员表明他们可以打比赛。	0
The quality of support is the worst I have ever experienced, and it it not the fault of Bangalore, as the most incompetent were Canadian support agents.	支持的质量是我经历过的最差的，这不是班加罗尔的错，因为最不称职的是加拿大支持代理。	1
The quality of the person that you select is usually determined by the amount of thought and effort you put into the selection process.	您选择的人员的质量通常取决于您在选择过程中投入的大量思考和精力。	1
The Queen agreed to pay tax when John Major was Prime Minister, but the amount she pays remains firmly under wraps.	当约翰 · 梅尔担任总理时，女王同意纳税，但她所支付的金额仍然是一个很好的选择。	2
The question arose as to whether the master should have attempted to leave port in such high winds, but he had already delayed the departure for some time and these are questions of navigation.	问题是船长是否应该在如此大风的情况下试图离开港口，但他已经推迟了一段时间，这些都是航行问题。	1
The question is whether this will be a relatively orderly process or one that is accompanied by severe disruptions in trade flows and financial markets.	问题是，这是一个相对有序的进程，还是伴随着贸易流动和金融市场的严重中断的进程。	0
The question of chemical speciation is discussed with particular reference to the differential toxicities.	讨论化学形态问题时特别提到不同的毒性。	1
The questions of how he got the pictures, what language he used to describe them and the girl are side issues.	他是如何获得照片的，他用什么语言描述照片的，女孩也是问题。	1
The rabbi is identified as the tanna Rabbi Akiva, and the ghost as a sinner who had left no forbidden act undone.	拉比被确定为 Tanna Rabbi Akiva ，而鬼是一个罪人，没有留下任何被禁止的行为。	2
The radar eventually painted an excellent picture of a section of the east coast of Labrador.	雷达最终描绘了拉夫拉多东海岸一段很好的画面。	1
The railway station was full of a crowd of people of all classes, anxious for the arrival of news.	火车站里挤满了各阶层的人，对新闻的到来感到焦虑。	1
The ramp time is sensitive to temperature because the circuit generating the ramp is often just some simple oscillator .	斜坡时间对温度敏感，因为产生斜坡的电路通常只是一个简单的振荡器。	1
The rapid advance in communication technology today has resulted in networked communities and globalisation, which in turn has given rise to various forms of business organisations.	如今，通信技术的迅速发展导致了网络化社区和全球化，这反过来又产生了各种形式的商业组织。	1
Therapy should be effective in the film coating techniques.	在胶片涂层技术方面，治疗应该有效。	2
The rationale of 'national security' is used ad nauseam to justify violent crackdowns on dissidence and other human rights abuses.	" 国家安全 " 的理由被用来作为暴力镇压持不同政见者和其他侵犯人权行为的借口。	0
The rattle of metals and the clanging of bells mingle with loud cries pitching the deals of the day, bargains and attempts to pinch the last coin out of your pockets.	金属的嘎嘎作响和钟声的敲响与大喊声交织在一起，它们推销了当天的交易，讨价还价，并试图将最后一枚硬币从口袋中夹出来。	2
The reactions in this video are pretty crap, but I really need to provide for my family.	这段视频中的反应相当糟糕，但我真的需要为我的家人提供帮助。	0
The reader has no idea what the Concerned Dominicans are talking about or what they are answering to.	读者不知道相关的多米尼加人在谈论什么或他们在回答什么。	1
The real earthquake was a sign to the generation of the coming political change in their life time.	真正的地震是他们生命中即将发生的政治变化的一代的标志。	2
The reality is that reusing, desalinating, and conserving water may help to alleviate our crisis but will not solve it.	现实是，重新利用，海水淡化和保护水可能有助于缓解我们的危机，但不会解决危机。	1
The really exiting news is that Terry is now really inhaling and exhaling on her own during practice sessions a couple of times a day.	真正令人激动的消息是， Terry 现在真的在每天练习几次的过程中自己吸入和呼出。	2
There also appears to be a sacrifice when using this toy.	在使用此玩具时，似乎也有牺牲。	2
There appears to be a high enough percentage of owners with this problem that GM should address it.	这一问题的所有者比例似乎足够高， GM 应该解决这一问题。	1
There are 42 online information systems programs available at these online information systems schools, through which Gary students have the ability of earning information systems credentials.	这些在线信息系统学校有 42 个在线信息系统计划，加里学生可以通过这些计划获得信息系统证书。	2
There are actuall signs posted where they are supposed to honk and of course whenever they say my dumbass they honk ass well (usually a few inches from my head).	在他们应该鸣叫的地方张贴了精装标志，当然，每当他们说我的哑铃时，他们都很好地鸣叫（通常距离我的头几英寸）。	2
There are a family who care for the boys and a number of other supporters and volunteers too.	有一个家庭照顾男孩，还有一些其他支持者和志愿者。	1
There are a large number of service provides giving full length movie retrievals but how do you know which of them provide the best quality service?	有大量的服务提供了完整的电影检索，但您如何知道其中哪些服务提供了最佳质量的服务？	1
There are a lot of things to calculate to get how much it will cost to build a house in the UK.	要计算出在英国建造房屋的成本，需要做很多事情。	0
There are also many ways that Palestinians experience discrimination informally in Israel.	巴勒斯坦人在以色列也有许多非正式地遭受歧视的方式。	1
There are also several possible sites in the garden to erect marquees.	花园里还有几个可能的地方用来建造马奎斯。	2
There are animals there that still need to be fed and cared for, employees that still need jobs, maintenance that is required to keep things from falling apart, electricity bills that need to be paid and so on.	那里还有一些动物需要喂养和照顾，雇员仍然需要工作，需要维护以防止东西脱落，需要支付电费等等。	1
There are a number of complications that can cause this to happen.	有许多并发症可能导致这种情况发生。	0
There are a number of factors that may influence your thyroid health.	有多种因素可能影响您的甲状腺健康。	0
There are a number of reasons why the relationship between relative income measures and deprivation may be rather weaker than anticipated.	相对收入计量与贫困之间的关系可能比预期的要弱，原因有很多。	1
There are a range of recommendations by the Ipp inquiry which we endorse.	IPP 调查提出了一系列建议，我们对此表示赞同。	0
There are a row of test tubes, one filled with that strange black substance that the Squidian can spit.	有一排试管，一条装有奇怪的黑物质，斯基甸人可以吐出来。	2
There are a variety of mechanisms that produce such waves.	产生这种波浪的机制多种多样。	0
There are a wide range of RSS Readers available for all platforms and operating systems.	所有平台和操作系统均可使用各种 RSS 读取器。	0
There are certain transactions that raise court access issues.	有些交易引起了诉诸法院的问题。	2
There are cheap sunglasses that see each morsel as nice as the higher priced versions.	这里有便宜的太阳镜，可以看到每一种食物都和价格较高的版本一样好。	1
There are Christians in every church who think mental illness is a sign of demonic oppression or possession.	每个教会都有基督徒认为精神疾病是妖魔化压迫或拥有的象征。	1
There are classes to learn computer software and math classes and the best part is these are free to do.	有学习计算机软件和数学课程的课程，最好的是这些课程是免费的。	1
There are clearly issues at the club which need to be resolved and perhaps some are coaching and some are motivation but clearly some players did not perform.	俱乐部里显然有一些问题需要解决，也许有些是辅导，有些是激励，但显然有些球员没有表现。	2
There are countless car finance options available in the market.	市场上有无数的汽车融资选项。	1
There are cozy little ranch houses with little flower gardens.	这里有舒适的小牧场房屋和小花园。	0
There are currently a ton of decisions that go into building a strong UW Control deck: What counters to use?	目前有大量的决策需要构建强大的 UW 控制平台：要使用哪些计数器？	1
There are currently huge energy and maintenance drains with transmission of electricity over long distances.	目前有巨大的能源和维护排卸，电力可远距离传输。	2
There are discontinuities near North Station and the Zakim Bridge before the Boston Harborwalk continues on both sides of the harbor.	北站和扎金桥附近有一些不连续的地方，波士顿海港两岸的海港步行道还没有继续。	2
There are doubtless numerous additional films and TV series to be added and which we shall do as the info rolls in.	毫无疑问，我们还需要增加大量的电影和电视系列，我们将作为信息的参考。	1
There are great expectations regarding the realization of multimedia information services through the integration of broadcasting and telecommunications, particularly in view of the great growth potential of the industry.	人们对通过广播和电信一体化实现多媒体信息服务抱有很大的期望，特别是考虑到该行业的巨大增长潜力。	1
There are hundreds of headphones coming in the market especially online in many internet shopping websites.	市场上有数百种耳机，特别是许多网上购物网站上的耳机。	1
There are indications from industry that this may already be happening and may get more severe as broadband becomes more pervasive.	行业有迹象表明，这种情况可能已经发生，随着宽带的普及，情况可能会变得更加严重。	1
There are insurmountable steps in starting a business and once you have build it the true work begins and that is letting prospective clients know your existence.	创业有不可逾越的步骤，一旦您建立了企业，真正的工作就会开始，这就是让潜在客户知道您的存在。	1
There are literally hilltops and valleys everywhere in the country and the topographic variation shown in Figure 2 provides the basic foundation for the identication strategy.	全国各地几乎都有山顶和山谷，图 2 所示的地形变化为开沟战略奠定了基础。	1
There are literally hundreds of great designs to choose from but most of the popular digital wall clocks designs are either retro or modern in look and feel.	有数百种设计可供选择，但大多数流行的数字挂钟设计在外观和感觉上要么复古，要么现代。	0
There are loads of things to see and do in Jeri; Pedra Furada is a major tourist attraction which stands on the beach amidst sand dunes.	在耶利有很多可以看和做的事情； Pedra Furada 是一个主要的旅游景点，坐落在沙丘中的海滩上。	1
There are lots of recordings that made money that returned little if anything to the artist, because of how their deal was structured.	有很多记录，这些记录使得钱几乎没有退还给艺术家，因为他们的交易是如何安排的。	2
There are lots of rumours and reports from around the world.	世界各地都有大量谣言和报道。	1
There are many applications that support macro languages and two of the more popular ones are Microsoft Word and Excel.	有许多应用程序支持宏语言，其中两个比较受欢迎的应用程序是 Microsoft Word 和 Excel 。	0
There are many notable advantages that you can learn and understand.	您可以学习和理解许多显著优势。	1
There are many other online tools available to help you keep a track of your online conversions.	还有许多其他在线工具可帮助您跟踪在线转换。	0
There are many statistics and data documenting changes such as rising air temperatures, the rate of ice melting in the Arctic, record droughts and floods.	有许多统计数字和数据记录了变化，如气温上升，北极冰融化速度，创纪录的干旱和洪水。	1
There are many such private and government banks that offer personal loan in India.	印度有许多这样的私人和政府银行提供个人贷款。	0
There are many techniques you could use on the net boards to market site website traffic.	您可以在网板上使用许多技术来推销网站流量。	1
There are many things in life that are free but it benefits both the user and company.	生活中有许多东西是免费的，但它对用户和公司都有好处。	1
There are many times when parents need to relay a message to their child, or child needs to let parents know something.	很多时候，父母需要将信息传递给孩子，或者孩子需要让父母知道一些事情。	0
There are many variations and different motives on both sides of the debate.	辩论的双方有许多不同之处和不同的动机。	0
There are many ways to enjoy a great evening out with friends.	您可以通过多种方式与朋友共度美好的夜晚。	0
There are no available ports in office area for hardwire connections.	办公室区域没有可用于硬连线连接的端口。	0
There are no rules for how it should be done.	对如何做到这一点没有任何规则。	1
There are only two types of organizations: The ones that love and delight their customers and the others.	只有两种类型的组织：一种是爱和取悦客户的组织，另一种是爱和取悦客户的组织。	2
There are other agencies of the state and federal governments as well as private organizations which are devoted to assisting students.	还有其他国家和联邦政府机构以及致力于帮助学生的私人组织。	0
There are other reasons to favor Doing Something about global imbalances.	有其他理由支持采取行动解决全球不平衡问题。	0
There are people today who are still silent and know the full truth.	今天有些人仍然沉默不语，完全了解真相。	1
There are people who will protray you as being promiscuous and will assume that your daughter must be as well resulting in your her having to deal with (probably) unwanted sexual advances.	有些人会把你当作乱交，并认为你的女儿也必须这样做，使你的女儿不得不处理（可能）不想要的性挑逗。	1
There are plenty of people who can fill that role.	有很多人可以担任这一职务。	0
There are policies that avoid either the outright gift of all value to the incumbents, through a grant of permanent quota, or the outright grant of all value to the public, through the sale of permanent quota.	有的政策要么通过给予永久配额，要么通过出售永久配额，向公众直接给予所有价值，要么通过出售永久配额，避免向在职者直接提供所有价值。	2
There are pop in modules to handle any request that are stored on board, or if not, are brought on board before the ship leaves on its mission.	有一些模块可以处理船上储存的任何请求，如果没有，则在船舶离开其任务之前将其带上。	0
There are regular buses and Matatus along the south coast strip.	沿南海岸地带有定期巴士和 Matatus 。	1
There are several schools of thought on this question among hardcore gold investors.	对于这一问题，核心黄金投资者有几种想法。	0
There are several things that I think are important for the editors to understand about this magical mystery proc.	我认为有几件事对编辑们来说很重要，可以理解这个神奇的神秘过程。	1
There are several types of industry specific catalogs to boost sales.	有多种类型的行业特定目录可提高销售额。	0
There are several ways that you can act upon your unease now, including taking some time off (again).	您现在可以通过多种方式来应对不安，包括休息（再次）。	0
There are so many great deals on satellite TV on the Internet right now, we understand it can be frustrating trying to find the best deal.	现在互联网上的卫星电视有这么多大的交易，我们知道寻找最好的交易可能会令人沮丧。	1
There are so many inspirations that birthed this project.	这一项目有许多灵感。	0
There are some activities that men who are addicted to drug need to do in the drug rehab program.	吸毒成瘾的男子需要在戒毒方案中开展一些活动。	1
There are some things that are so good that no matter how much anticipation and hype you throw at it, they still manage to blow you away and you can securely file MGS4 as such.	有些东西很好，不管你对它有多大的期待和大肆宣传，他们仍然设法让你被吹走，你可以安全地将 MGS4 归档。	2
There are some unhappy and depressed looking farm animals in pens scattered throughout to provide additional color.	有些看起来不开心，沮丧的农场动物散落在笔上，以提供额外的颜色。	2
There are some variant of gadget that bring simplicity for the people to access the information from the world into it.	有一些小工具的变体为人们从世界中访问信息带来了简单性。	1
There are soo many stories about women who end up dead because they could not get out of the relationship they were in.	关于妇女的故事太多了，她们最终因为无法摆脱她们的关系而死亡。	2
There are spiderwebs and blood stains all over the walls.	墙上到处都是蜘蛛网和血迹。	0
There are still a few students in room five who ...	还有几个学生在 5 号房间里 ...	0
There are support groups you can call to get over your creepy fascination with animal rape.	有一些支持团体你可以打电话来帮助你 , 你的恐怖的迷恋动物强奸 .	2
There are thought to be eight million followers of Spiritualism in both the United States and Europe.	据认为，美国和欧洲都有 800 万精神主义追随者。	1
There are thousands of different kinds of miscellaneous bonds, but typically there are two primary categories of bond types, contract bonds and commercial bonds.	有数千种不同种类的杂项债券，但通常有两种主要类型的债券，即合同债券和商业债券。	1
There are three outcomes regarding revision of major relevant laws and establishment of the new laws.	在修订主要相关法律和制定新法律方面有三个结果。	1
There are three views that will be observed within the following pages to try and understand what other approaches are saying about the centrality and importance of the covenants.	在以下几页中将观察到三种观点，试图了解其他方法对公约的中心地位和重要性的看法。	2
There are two fabulous opening offers for you to choose from as a new player, and also a number of other promotions for existing players.	有两个极好的开场白供您选择作为新球员，还有许多其他针对现有球员的促销活动。	2
There are two key Championship games to report on, affecting both the top and the bottom of the table.	有两场关键的锦标赛比赛需要报告，影响到比赛的顶部和底部。	2
There are two populations of Japanese cranes in the world.	世界上有两种日本起重机。	2
There are two schools located around West Sacramento, CA offering forestry programs.	加利福尼亚州西萨克拉门托周围有两所学校提供林业课程。	0
There are two types of folder comparison report available in Compare Suite.	比较套件中有两种类型的文件夹比较报告可用。	1
There are two ways to go with this one.	有两种方法可以使用这种方法。	1
There are various cause and it can even be stress induced.	有多种原因，甚至可能是由压力引起的。	0
There are very few courses that combine theoretical study, practical experience and professional qualifications but Journalism Studies does just that.	将理论学习，实践经验和专业资格相结合的课程很少，但新闻学就是这样。	0
There are very few voting stations at the BOE, and if bus loads of folks show up at a time, they would control the use of the voting booths for awhile.	选举管理委员会的投票站非常少，如果公共汽车上有很多人出现，他们就会控制投票亭的使用一段时间。	2
There are way too many ppl driving while on a cell phone, and I use the word driving losely.	在手机上驾驶的人太多了，我用的是“驾驶失利”一词。	2
The rear support rack from the trailer was removed, to allow the trailer to clear the boat while it is up on the beams and blocks.	从拖车上拆下后支承架，以便拖车可以在船只上靠横梁和挡块时离开船只。	1
The reason behind this stock flow adjustment of over 8% of GDP was that the federal government took over the debt of the privatisation agency Treuhandanstalt.	这种超过 GDP 8% 的股票流量调整背后的原因是联邦政府接管了私有化机构 Treuhandanstalt 的债务。	0
The reason is that as long as they are financial depended on evangelical churches they cannot free themselves of an evangelical theology.	原因是，只要他们的经济依赖于福音教会，他们就不能摆脱福音派的神学。	0
The reason these topic were picked was because these topics all are directly related to US foreign policy.	之所以选择这些主题，是因为这些主题都与美国的外交政策直接相关。	0
The recall is because bacteria was detected in one of the inactive ingredients.	回收是因为在其中一种非活性成分中检测到细菌。	0
There came to our place about the same time itinerant showmen.	当时，我们也有巡回演出的人来了。	1
The recipient of this reprimand bent over double in an odd position of supplication, emitting a screeching noise.	这一谴责的接受者在一个奇怪的请求位置上弯了一倍，发出了一个尖叫的噪音。	2
The recommendations from the sustainability appraisal have been addressed by outlining that ongoing residential art projects should be supported through developer contributions, as adapted from the Arts Strategy.	可持续发展评估的建议已经得到了落实，其中概述了应通过开发人员的贡献来支持正在进行的居住艺术项目，这些贡献是根据艺术战略进行的。	1
The recommendations will affect all stages of upstream mining and oil and gas; from capitalisation of exploration costs, through to detailed disclosure of proved and probable reserve volumes and values on a disaggregated basis.	这些建议将影响到上游采矿以及石油和天然气的所有阶段；从勘探费用的资本化，到详细披露经证明和可能的储备量和价值，并按分类。	1
The reconfigured tool, renamed Modern Windows Task Manager, will give you a single window from which to spot and kill the processes that are slowing down your system by combining the Resource Monitor and the Task Manager together.	重新配置的工具（重命名为 Modern Windows 任务管理器）将为您提供一个窗口，通过将资源监视器和任务管理器组合在一起来识别和终止正在降低系统速度的进程。	1
The Records Management Committee shall act by vote of a majority of the members present at a committee meeting.	记录管理委员会应以出席委员会会议的过半数成员的表决方式行事。	0
There could be forests near towns and villages which, look like woodcutters have worked in there with stumps, fallen trees and a dirty narrow way to a main road.	在城镇和村庄附近可能有森林，看起来像伐木工在那里工作，有树桩，倒下的树木和通往主干道的肮脏狭窄的道路。	2
The red flames turned emerald the old witch ducked her head on the now heatless fire and shouted.	红色的火焰变成了绿宝石，这名老女巫将她的头用现在的无热火点燃并大声喊叫。	2
The reduced model contains every variable that the full model contains except the one whose parameter value you wish to test.	简化模型包含完整模型所包含的所有变量，但要测试其参数值的变量除外。	0
There exist the problems of water shortage and water waste in the countryside.	农村地区存在缺水和浪费水资源的问题。	0
The referee awarded Hull a free kick down their right hand side (despite the linesman a yard away only flagging for at throw).	裁判授予赫尔一个自由踢的右手边（尽管一个码外的林斯曼只在扔下）。	2
Therefore additionally saving me space on my bars.	因此，我在酒吧里也节省了空间。	1
Therefore, although we are not opposed to the motion, we are not certain that it really adds anything to the overall powers of Elections Canada and the director of Elections Canada to undertake its work.	因此，虽然我们不反对这项议案，但我们不能肯定，它确实增加了加拿大选举和加拿大选举主任开展工作的总体权力。	1
Therefore any assessment in respect of toll collections on the bridge is a matter for Scottish Ministers.	因此，对桥上的收费进行任何评估都是苏格兰大臣的事。	0
Therefore a step size of ten seconds can produce acceptable results.	因此，步骤大小为 10 秒可以产生可接受的结果。	2
Therefore, Auckland Regional Public Health Service does not need to be notified of any patients that you receive.	因此，奥克兰地区公共卫生服务机构不需要收到您收到的任何患者的通知。	1
Therefore, employers and employees should recognize these risks and proactively guard against occupational injury.	因此，雇主和雇员应认识到这些风险，并积极防范职业伤害。	0
Therefore, it should not be assumed that uncertainty will always prove problematic for LDDRs.	因此，不应假定不确定性总是对最不发达国家报告造成问题。	0
Therefore no main effect of type was predicted and no search asymmetry was expected.	因此，没有预测类型的主要影响，也没有预期搜索不对称。	1
Therefore, the standard error could disclose nothing about the impact of selective recall.	因此，标准错误不会透露选择性召回的影响。	2
Therefore they honestly and truly care about quality.	因此，他们真诚地关心质量。	1
Therefore, we are not defending ourselves or deploying our resources in the war on terror intelligently.	因此，我们不是在明智地捍卫自己，也不是在反恐战争中部署我们的资源。	1
Therefore we can say that the amount of time used for extraction is hardly relevant.	因此，我们可以说，开采所用的时间并不相关。	1
Therefore, Wellow Parish Council will own the sign and the 3 parish councils together will undertake the running costs of around £250 per year for each parish.	因此，沃尔帕里什委员会将拥有该标志，而 3 个帕里什委员会将共同承担每个教区每年约 £250 的运行成本。	1
Therefore, your staff must believe in your brand as much as you do.	因此，您的员工必须像您一样相信您的品牌。	2
The register should be bound and the entries numbered so that it is not possible to delete or add entries out of sequence.	寄存器应绑定，并对条目编号，这样就不可能删除或添加顺序不正确的条目。	1
The registry is the epitome of putting all your eggs in one basket.	注册表是将所有鸡蛋放在一个篮子里的缩影。	0
The regular shows from the lovely Golders Green Hippodrome frequently featured a military band and always a choir.	可爱的格尔德斯绿竞技场的定期演出经常有一个军事乐队和一个合唱团。	2
There has already been a graitfyingly big but dubious review in The Times.	在这段时间里，已经有了一个令人难以置信的大而令人怀疑的评论。	2
There has also been a newspaper report in India that an Indian concern intends to bid.	印度也有一份报纸报道说，印度的一个关注组织打算投标。	2
There has been a whole lot of debate over the Paul Ryan budget plan known as the Path to Prosperity.	关于保罗 · 瑞安的预算计划，即所谓的繁荣之路，大家都有很多辩论。	1
There have been signs that public awareness of geology may once again be stirring.	有迹象表明，公众对地质学的认识可能再次令人振奋。	1
There is a Charter adopted by the Cabinet of Ministers of The Republic of Uzbekistan related to the study of foreign students in Uzbekistan.	乌兹别克斯坦共和国内阁通过了一项关于在乌兹别克斯坦学习外国学生的章程。	0
There is a direct correlation between children who attend regularly and their enjoyment of the program.	定期上学的儿童与他们享受该方案之间有着直接的关系。	2
There is a fine line between inviting the inner child to join in and just appearing childish.	在邀请内童加入和刚出现的孩子之间有一条很好的界线。	2
There is a greater sense of physical presence and of group solidarity and identity in virtual worlds, as participants collaboratively construct not only texts but contexts.	在虚拟世界中，人们对实体存在以及群体团结和认同的意识更加强烈，因为参与者不仅协作构建文本，还协作构建背景。	1
There is a huge scar on Mill Mountain whose removal helps everyone.	米尔山有一个巨大的疤痕，它的清除对每个人都有帮助。	2
There is a lack of energy in their playing.	他们的游戏缺乏能量。	0
There is a LARGE mud hole right by Benton Falls coming down from the lake.	在本顿瀑布旁边有一个大的泥洞，从湖边下来。	2
There is a lot of confusion these days in organisations about how to measure if a candidate is competent.	如今，组织中对于如何衡量候选人是否胜任有很多困惑。	1
There is a lot of history there with Jack and Mikayla, I hope they can still remain friends, and I want Jack to end up with Sue.	Jack 和 Mikayla 有着悠久的历史，我希望他们能继续保持朋友的关系，我希望 Jack 最终能与 Sue 合作。	2
There is a lovely terrace area ideal for holding gatherings between family and friends, which boasts a raised swimming pool.	酒店有一个漂亮的露台区，是家庭和朋友聚会的理想场所，有一个凸起的游泳池。	1
There is also no limit to the number of listeners, since each new one provides more relay bandwidth to the network.	此外，由于每个新的侦听器都为网络提供了更多的中继带宽，因此对侦听器的数量也没有限制。	0
There is also the expected plot of good against evil and good prevailing against all odds.	还有一个预期的反罪恶阴谋和反一切弊病的阴谋。	2
There is also the time when Queen Elizabeth herself visited nearby Kenilworth Castle and Shakespeare, said to have been duly impressed by the procession, recreated it in some of his later plays.	还有一段时间，伊丽莎白女王亲自参观了附近的基尼沃斯城堡和莎士比亚，据说游行给人留下了深刻的印象，后来在他的一些剧中重新创作了游行。	1
There is always a delay between a neurological or perceptual process and our becoming aware of the thought, feeling, perception or movement it represents.	神经或感知过程与我们意识到它所代表的思想，感觉，认知或运动之间总是存在延迟。	1
There is always a possibility that Google shuts down when you least expect it.	当您对 Google 的期望最小时， Google 总是会关闭。	2
There is always more than one method for any means.	任何方式都有多种方法。	2
There is always something else on the list.	列表中总是有其他内容。	1
There is always the pleasant favor of vanilla thoughout the entire smoke.	香草总是能让人愉快地考虑到整个烟味。	2
There is a Massive opportunity to earn an excellent income.	有一个巨大的机会来赚取优秀的收入。	1
There is a narrow focus on business goals and core functionality that produces valuable insights.	对业务目标和核心功能的狭隘关注会产生宝贵的见解。	1
There is an HEB right down the street, so thats very convenient.	街边有一个 HEB ，所以非常方便。	0
There is a painful irony when Ms. Arroyo said we are a country that cares and that she is a friendly president.	阿罗约女士说我们是一个关心的国家，她是一位友好的总统，这是一种痛苦的讽刺。	2
There is a place on the internet where you can mail order pot.	互联网上有一个地方，您可以邮寄订购锅。	1
There is a possibility some of the valve seats may have loosened over the years.	某些阀座可能在过去几年中松动。	1
There is a range of ages and persuasions.	年龄和信仰各有不同。	2
There is a scarcity of literature in the area of professional technical training program improvement and evaluation, as well as other variables affecting sustainability.	专业技术培训方案改进和评价领域的文献很少，影响可持续性的其他变量也很少。	1
There is a school just down the street that they are concerned about.	在街上有一所学校，他们很担心。	1
There is a secure rear yard providing two parking spaces.	有一个安全的后院，提供两个停车位。	1
There is a separate holiday to honor members of the armed services who were killed.	There is a separate holiday to honour members of the armed services who were killed.	2
There is a significant opportunity for the chemical and biochemical sciences and engineering to make significant positive impacts within biofuel synthesis in terms of reducing energy and time, increasing yield, improving quality and reducing cost.	化学和生物化学科学和工程部门有着重大的机会，可以在生物燃料合成方面对减少能源和时间，提高产量，提高质量和降低成本产生重大的积极影响。	1
There is a true yearning to respond to The singing River and the...	人们真正渴望对歌唱的河和 ... 做出回应	1
There is commercial fishing and heavy boat traffic on the Atrato River but this does not affect the land area of the Park.	阿特拉托河（ Atrato River ）上有商业捕鱼和大量船只，但这并不影响公园的陆地区域。	1
There is enough humor weaved throughout to ease the tension on the volatile situation.	整个过程中都有足够的幽默感来缓解动荡局势中的紧张局势。	1
There is even a clever touch of humor sprinkled throughout the book.	这本书甚至还充满了一种巧妙的幽默感。	0
There is growing evidence that sensible exposure to sunlight can be beneficial to health.	越来越多的证据表明，合理地暴露在阳光下对健康有益。	0
There is however no clear vision of what to do with perception in decisionmaking.	然而，对于如何在决策中处理感知问题，没有明确的愿景。	2
There is however no researches about how RMO mitigates the opportunistic behaviors among marketing channel members; and most of extant studies about contract in marketing channel just focus on the degree of explicitness of contracts.	然而，对于 RMO 如何缓解市场营销渠道成员之间的机会行为，没有进行研究；对于市场营销渠道中的合同，大多数现有研究只侧重于合同的解释程度。	1
There is however nothing inherently special about the null association apart from the fact that it involves the least processing time, so it makes sense that the most commonly used association be the null association.	但是，空关联本身没有什么特别之处，除了它所涉及的处理时间最短之外，因此最常用的关联是空关联是合理的。	1
There is humor in the skits as well.	滑板上也有幽默感。	1
There is little cash flow and debts are past due.	现金流量很小，债务已经到期。	0
There is more to online Advertising than just creating a website to sell your offers.	在线广告不仅仅是创建一个网站来销售您的商品，还有更多的内容。	0
There is much more argument for doing so at headquarters, possibly not as one unit but with regular consultation.	在总部这样做有更多的理由，可能不是作为一个单位，而是通过定期协商。	2
There is much more depth in the research that has gone into this book.	这本书的研究更深入。	0
There is no creative thrust to this book and the complimentary technology angles are weak.	这本书没有创意，免费的技术角度也很弱。	2
There is no dedicated parking space for the Shed, although it is usually possible to find a parking space nearby.	虽然通常可以在附近找到停车位，但没有专用的停车场。	0
There is no gas that is so potent that it can knock you out with just the tiny amount that can be put into a stack of scratch cards.	没有一种气体会如此强大，只需将少量气体放入一堆纸牌中即可将其敲出。	2
There is no good reason for this to have changed.	这种情况没有改变的充分理由。	1
There is no incentive for you to change- they will spend that money here, in your country where you can later cash it in at a higher value than your own money.	你没有改变的动机——他们会把这笔钱用在你的国家，在那里你可以把钱用在比你自己的钱更高的地方。	2
There is no lack or shortage of oil.	石油不缺乏或短缺。	1
There is no need to treat train your dog when you can get more consistant results without.	如果您不能获得更一致的结果，则无需训练您的狗。	2
There is no one at all in the world like you!	世界上没有像你这样的人！	0
There is no other part of the world where women have fewer rights than in the Muslim world.	世界上没有其他地方妇女的权利比穆斯林世界更少。	0
There is no other place for me except here.	除了这里，我没有别的地方了。	1
There is no reason to kill Alex de Witt to create the motivation for Kyle to be the best Green Lantern he can.	没有理由杀死 Alex de Witt 来为 Kyle 创造出最好的绿灯笼。	1
There is no reference to the communities in Canberra that are going to be affected by the pursuit of the Griffin Legacy.	没有提到堪培拉将受到格里芬遗产的追求影响的社区。	1
There is no such thing as perfect physical security, ditto for digital security.	完美的物理安全，数字安全的数字化技术是不可能的。	1
There is no suggestion Mr Blair broke any rules, but he was able to use the system to claim for interest repayments amounting to almost a third of the new mortgage on his constituency home.	没有人建议布莱尔先生打破任何规则，但他能够利用这一制度要求偿还其选区住房新抵押贷款的近三分之一的利息。	0
There is not adequate time for the math teachers at the junior high to converse and plan with either the sixth grade or ninth grade teachers.	初中的数学教师没有足够的时间与六年级或九年级的教师交谈和计划。	0
There is nothing at all improper with it however , you have to realize the positive aspects and down sides.	但是，没有什么不恰当的地方，你必须认识到积极的一面和缺点。	1
There is nothing which can take the place of that.	没有什么可以取代这一点。	0
There is nothing wrong with trusting the administration but Guyanese should make a greater effort at evaluating the assertions of the administration since its assurances are not always reliable.	There is nothing wrong with trusting the administration but Guyanese should make a greater effort at evaluating the assertions of the administration since its assurances are not always reliable.	2
There is nothing wrong with your analytical thinking process, but you could use a bit more flexibility.	您的分析思维过程没有什么问题，但您可以使用更多的灵活性。	1
There is of course an overarching thing that if you are too big to fail then whatever the regulatory authorities do they will make sure you do not fail.	当然，最重要的是，如果你太大，不能失败，那么无论监管机构做什么，他们都将确保你不会失败。	2
There is one more significant benefit from this approach to software selection decisions in addition to its speed and ease.	除了速度和易用性之外，这种软件选择决策方法还有一个更显著的好处。	1
There is one school conveniently located near Harrison, AR offering paramedic programs.	在阿肯色州哈里森附近有一所学校，提供辅助医疗项目。	0
There is relevant information that could alert me to potential problems.	有相关信息可以提醒我潜在的问题。	0
There is room for everyone in the scheme of things.	在事物的计划中，每个人都有空间。	0
There is so little chance of delivering on potential and stated promises that the local populace expects almost nothing out of it.	实现潜力的机会如此之少，当地民众几乎没有期望得到任何承诺。	0
There is some controversy surrounding the fact that the David in the statue is not circumcised when the real life king would have been.	在雕像中的大卫没有被割礼的事实上，有一些争议，而现实的国王是在这种情况下会被割礼的。	0
There is something compelling about the dark side.	黑暗的一面令人信服。	2
There is still an ongoing drama with their ground.	他们的故事还在上演。	0
There is storage space below the settee and additional space outboard.	固定座下方有存储空间，外侧有额外空间。	0
There is the possibility of many health hazards when it comes to tattoos.	在纹身问题上，存在许多健康危害的可能性。	1
There is the Willy And Bum Shorts with fake bum and dong exposed.	这里有威尔利和范短童裤，展示了假牛和盾。	2
There I stood with no income or job prospects on the horizon.	在那里，我没有任何收入或工作前景。	0
The 'relative autonomy' of the political and cultural has become an absolute autonomy, fitting in all too neatly with the academic division of labor.	政治和文化的“代管自主”已经成为一种绝对自治，完全符合学术分工。	1
The release of inflammatory cytokines eventually leads to vasodilation of blood vessels.	炎症性细胞因子的释放最终导致血管的血管扩张。	1
The relevant portion of the transcript is below.	谈话内容的相关部分如下。	0
The religious objections are not *fundamental* (there is nothing fundamentally contradictory between believing in God and believing that God can create life using biological processes like reproduction or evolution).	宗教上的反对不是 * 根本的 * （相信上帝和相信上帝可以利用生物过程，如繁殖或进化，创造生命之间没有任何根本的矛盾）。	2
The remaining part of the book (eleven chapters) could be divided into three more or less equal parts.	该书的其余部分（十一章）可分为三个大致相等的部分。	0
There may also be a bulletin board with information about local scholarship programs.	还可能有一个公告栏，其中载有关于当地奖学金方案的信息。	0
There may be an EU/canon conflict due to what one character in the film says has happened.	由于影片中的一个人物所说的事情发生了，可能会发生欧盟 / 加拿大的冲突。	2
The removal of arsenate using different cationic polymers was studied.	研究了使用不同阳离子聚合物去除砷酸盐的问题。	0
The Renewable flag simply indicates that the ticket is renewable without the need for a new authentication.	Renewable （可更新）标志仅表示票证可续订，无需进行新的身份验证。	1
The report can be viewed online by clicking here .	点击此处可以在线查看报告。	0
The report cites an article written by GRI grantee Centro de Investigaciones Económicas y Políticas Acción Comunitaria (CIEPAC, or the Center for Economic and Political Research and Community Action).	The report cites an article written by GRI RIEVITIER Centro de Investigaciones Económicas ó n y Políticas Acción ó n Comunitaria (CIEPAC, or the Centre for Economic and Political Research and Community Action).	2
The report says put a cap on all credits -- but this may not work for credits that are not awarded by an agency but are available in the tax code to all eligible taxpayers.	报告说，对所有贷项设定上限 -- -- 但这可能不适用于不是由机构授予但在税法中可供所有符合条件的纳税人使用的贷项。	1
The report shows the serious level of ongoing losses but also highlights the success stories where losses have been significantly reduced over a short timescale.	报告显示了持续损失的严重程度，但也强调了在短时间内损失显著减少的成功事例。	1
The reports shall be filed with staff, on a quarterly basis, for a period of two years beginning the first billing period after the approved rates go into effect.	这些报告应每季度向工作人员提交，为期两年，自核定费率生效后的第一个帐单期开始。	1
The repression that followed led to the Dutch Revolt, the beginning of the Eighty Years War, and the establishment of the Dutch Republic in the northern provinces.	随后的镇压导致了荷兰起义， 80 年战争的开始以及在北部省份建立了荷兰共和国。	1
The request concerned phase II conversion activities at a facility in Volgograd formerly used to fill munitions with sarin, soman, and viscous soman.	请求涉及沃尔格格勒一个设施的第二阶段转换活动，该设施以前用于向弹药中注入沙林，沙姆和粘性沙姆。	2
Theresa interests me and I suspect she will be busy psychoanalyzing all the personality disorders that emerge during the show .	特雷莎对我很感兴趣，我怀疑她会忙于心理分析表演中出现的所有人格障碍。	0
The residue can form varnish deposits on the valves that under certain conditions can lead to low mileage failures such as sticking valves and bent push rods.	残留物可能会在阀门上形成清漆沉积物，在某些情况下会导致低里程故障，如阀门粘滞和推杆弯曲。	0
There s nothing special about the coffee in the Paris casino.	巴黎赌场的咖啡没什么特别的。	0
The resolution goes on to clearly take aim at our country.	该决议继续明确地以我国为目标。	1
The responsibility for identifying or confirming a situation where a TEZ boundary should be changed, and managing the subsequent process, therefore rests with Local Office staff.	因此，当地办事处工作人员负责确定或确认应改变 TEZ 边界的情况，并管理随后的程序。	1
The restaurant is small, and packed with German folkart, including incredible wooden chandaliers dangling from the ceilings.	餐厅很小，充满了德国的民俗，包括从天花板上悬垂的令人难以置信的木制大熊猫。	1
The restaurants were mainly empty then and there were few people on the street.	当时，餐馆大多是空的，街上的人很少。	0
The rest is made up of conventional crude in other Canadian regions.	其余部分由加拿大其他地区的传统原油组成。	0
The rest moved in with friends and family.	其余的人与朋友和家人一起搬进来。	1
The rest of the family had long ago disowned her and her adopted child.	其他家庭成员早已失去了她和被收养的孩子。	0
The rest of their bodies are just machinery and synthetic muscle tissue and flesh.	他们的身体其余部分只是机械和合成肌肉组织和肉。	1
The rest of the weekend went just as planned: lots of resting and spending time together and thanks to Rory preoccupying Jenny, Luke and Lorelai were able to also spend quality time together.	周末的其余时间都按计划进行：大量的休息时间和时间一起度过，多亏了前身珍妮，卢克和洛雷莱的罗里，他们也能够一起度过高质量的时光。	2
The rest of us stayed at Sunway Pyramid and continued shopping.	我们其余的人住在森威金字塔酒店，继续购物。	1
The rest of what is Lebanon today was part of Syria.	今天黎巴嫩的其余部分是叙利亚的一部分。	1
The resultant tax credit will be applied to withholding taxes.	由此产生的税额减免将应用于预扣税。	0
The result for the Romans was that they managed to create their own world and they called it the Roman Empire.	罗马人的结果是他们成功地创造了自己的世界，他们把它称为罗马帝国。	1
The resulting physical and mental fatigue can destroy all your training efforts.	由此造成的身心疲劳可能会破坏您的所有训练努力。	0
The resulting system of axioms is also incomplete, but its consistency is obvious again, because the only new assertion is the correct statement that the previous theory was consistent, or that the deduction program does not halt.	由此产生的轴向系统也不完整，但其一致性又显而易见，因为唯一的新断言是正确的说法，即以前的理论是一致的，或者扣减方案没有停止。	1
The result is both monumental and intricate in the level of detail it achieves.	其结果在细节方面既是巨大的，也是复杂的。	2
The result of the Task Analysis is a task framework whereas all the tasks are listed.	任务分析的结果是任务框架，而所有任务都列出。	2
The result should be a very truly broken heart.	结果应该是一颗真正破碎的心。	2
The results may be used in college disciplinary proceedings, discovery proceedings in legal actions, or otherwise as is necessary to protect the interests of the University.	这些结果可用于大学纪律程序，法律诉讼中的发现程序或保护大学利益所必需的其他程序。	1
The results obtained for the quantification limit of both methods are described in Table VII, and are compatible with the concentration levels observed in the analysis.	表七说明了这两种方法的定量限值所获得的结果，并与分析中观察到的浓度水平相一致。	0
The results of the study are published now in Nature.	研究结果现已在性质上公布。	2
The results on some test images we saw and played with were pretty impressive.	我们看到和播放的一些测试图像的结果令人印象深刻。	1
The result was a foregone conclusion – it was only a matter of how many people would vote no.	结果是一个事先的结论——这只是一个有多少人会投反对票的问题	1
There they saw Sakura and Eriol looking for Crystal.	在那里，他们看到了樱花和 Eriol 在寻找水晶。	1
The retreat of social welfare under austerity measures has paved the way for a dismantling of public housing in ideal and form.	在紧缩措施下的社会福利倒退为以理想和形式拆除公共住房铺平了道路。	2
The RETURN clause in the function header specifies the datatype of the returned value.	函数标题中的 return 子句指定返回值的数据类型。	0
Thereupon you will be well on the road to the grace of pure chastity.	这样，你就可以走在纯洁的道路上了。	2
The Revd Michael Rowlands, the Communication Team Event Organiser, takes a welcome break Celebrating Broadcasting ORE churches in the diocese are involved in broadcasting nitiatives now than at any time in the ast.	传播团队活动组织者 Revd Michael Rowlands 欢迎您前来参观，庆祝教区内的广播核心教会现在比任何时候都参与了广播精英活动。	1
There was absolutely nothing on on wednesday nights!	周三晚上绝对没有什么！	2
There was a decently sized pond in the clearing, and Fina landed on a tree branch near it while looking up at Nadir.	在这片空地上有一个大小适中的池塘， Fina 在靠近它的一个树枝上降落，同时在 Nadir 上望着。	2
There was a door, but it had no handle on the inside.	有一扇门，但里面没有把手。	0
There was a few seconds of awkward silence before Dipper looked back at Mabel, who just laughed as she approached the new shiny object in the room.	在下一个月里，在德波尔回回马贝之前，她已经沉默了几秒钟，当她接近房间里新的闪亮物体时，他笑了起来。	2
There was a flurry of movement and a final burst of hugging and snogging before students started heading towards the coaches.	在学生开始向教练方向前进之前，有一阵势的运动和最后一次的拥抱和斯诺克。	2
There was a game called testdrive, I think it was the ancestor of Need for Speed.	有一个叫做 testdrive 的游戏，我认为它是需要 Speed 的先辈。	2
There was a girl, with long brown hair who climbed right over the barricade and tried to get in the ring, but security guards were on her like a cat would be on mice.	有一个长发棕色的女孩，她爬上了路障，试图进入戒指，但警卫在她身上，就像一只猫在老鼠身上。	2
There was a group of the recruits lined up in legions, ready to engage in a war with water guns.	有一群新兵排队，准备与水枪交战。	2
There was a increase in the inflow into the network during this rainstorm but no significant outflow (see accompanying figure).	在这场暴雨期间，流入网络的人数有所增加，但没有重大流出（见附图）。	1
There was a knife on the ground, but the knife blade was flat and not sticking up, and Peter happened to step over it anyway.	地面上有一把刀，但刀刃平坦，不能粘住，彼得也碰巧越过了刀刃。	0
There was a large decorated tree standing in the front of the church with gifts for everyone piled beneath it.	教堂前面有一棵大的装饰树，每个人都可以在树下得到礼物。	2
There was also an aerobic dance performance by Seri Mulia Sarjana School.	Seri Mulia Sarjana 学校也有有氧舞蹈表演。	0
There was also confusion about just where to deliver the digital disc of the address.	另外，还对地址的数字光盘的传送位置产生了混乱。	1
There was a measure of vindication in Remus as he watched Sirius physically recoil back from his last words.	雷姆斯在观看西里沃斯从他的最后一句话中身体上恢复时，有一种程度的虚拟化。	2
There was an edge of annoyance to her voice.	她的声音有一种令人烦恼的感觉。	0
There was an inviting looking pool, and a supply of orange juice, small pastries and free internet in the lobby.	酒店有一个漂亮的泳池，大堂供应橙汁，小点心和免费上网。	1
There was another desire subtly guiding him at that moment, but Lin was too distraught to think much of it.	当时有另一种想法是巧妙地引导他，但林太分散了，不想多想。	2
There was a pause where she knew that Charlie was giving her a chance to get it all out.	有一段时间她知道查理给了她一个机会把一切都拿出来。	2
There was a small runway there capable of taking fixed wing.	那里有一条小型跑道，可以使用固定翼。	1
There was a troop of men from the local VFW joined by men in uniform.	有一支来自当地的武妇会的部队，穿制服的人加入了队伍。	2
There was a website filled with these kind of pictures?	有一个网站上充斥着这些图片吗？	1
There was candy and cookies for all with plenty of food from the concession stand.	这里有糖果和饼干，还有很多食物。	2
There was just something in the timbre of her voice as she said it that almost made me go weak at the knees.	她的声音在她的声音中有些东西，她说这几乎让我膝盖变得虚弱。	2
There was lots of speculation about a back path between the Smarts and Shriners last week.	上周，人们对“智慧”和“洗手”之间的后向路线有了很多猜测。	2
There was no public interest in its publication, particularly as she had appeared in public at a press conference the previous day.	公众对该出版物没有兴趣，特别是因为她在前一天的新闻发布会上公开露面。	0
There was no resolution that Drake had that did not lead us to Chaos.	没有一项决议认为德雷克没有导致我们陷入混乱。	2
There was no way to tell anything about him, even his hair or skin colour.	没有办法告诉他任何事情，甚至他的头发或肤色。	0
There was once a design of associating him in the invitation of the prince of Orange; but the earl of Shrewsbury discouraged the attempt, by declaring that Mulgrave would never concur.	曾经有一种将他与奥兰治王子相联系的设计；但什雷夫斯伯里的土人却不愿意这样做，宣称穆尔格雷永远不会同意。	1
There was rarely a person skilled enough to approach him without him realizing first.	很少有人能够在他没有意识到的情况下与他接触。	1
There was really no reason for her to think of, or dream of me.	她真的没有任何理由想我，也没有梦想过我。	1
There was something oddly hot about this situation.	这种情况有一些奇怪的热点。	2
There was still something out there for him to live for.	他还在那里生活。	0
There was the alleged head butting of a San Diego assistant coach and Tarik Glenn stomp incident.	据称，圣地亚哥的一名助理教练头部被压下， Tarik Glenn stomp 事件也发生了。	2
There were 10 questions in all and we had a tie between Gina and Philly their prize were a package of glue dots ..	一共有 10 个问题，我们在 Gina 和 Philly 之间有一个联系，他们的奖品是一套胶水圆点 ..	2
There were absolutely NO shortage of infantry weapon in any stage of war.	在战争的任何阶段都绝对不缺少步兵武器。	1
There were a couple of team booths last I-series most notably the fnatic one housing multiple computers and plasma screens allowing spectators to marvel at the teams game play.	最后一个 I 系列有几个小队摊位，最引人注目的是有多台电脑和等离子屏幕的小队摊位，让观众惊叹于小队的比赛。	1
There were a lot of them before any speaking and very few afterwards.	在发言之前有很多人发言，之后很少人发言。	1
There were aspects of Tali and the Quarian life that Shepard felt he would never understand.	在塔利和奎里安的生活中，谢帕德认为他永远不会理解。	1
There were aspects to this presentation that broadened my knowledge of what is possible in reproduced sound.	这一演示的某些方面扩大了我对再现声音的可能性的了解。	1
There were far more books in this room than any others.	这间屋子里的书比其他的书要多得多。	2
There were no abnormalities in serum and urine chemical parameters.	血清和尿液化学参数没有异常。	0
There were only three tables occupied and two people at the bar, with a few staff managing all of them.	There were only three tables occupied and two people at the bar, with a few staff managing all of them.	2
There were patches of flowers near the house.	房子附近有一些花。	0
There were screaming students going everywhere and Lucas could barely see Jimmy trough the crowd.	到处都是尖叫的学生，卢卡斯几乎看不到吉米在人群中。	1
There were so many children in the world already that needed a family and love.	世界上已经有这么多的儿童需要一个家庭和爱。	1
There were the marbles and the baseball glove and a football and an electric train.	这里有大理石和棒球手套，还有足球和电动火车。	1
There were three thousand prisoners and three hundred guards and the prisoners were in charge.	There were three thousand prisoners and three hundred guards and the prisoners were in charge.	2
There were too much things that got unresolved...	有太多事情没有解决 ...	0
There were two short and incredibly painful sentences.	There were two short and increbly painful sentences.	2
There will also be a Custom Producer module that will enable you to manufacture some equipment.	还将提供定制生产模块，使您能够制造一些设备。	1
There will be a board and five elected directors with staggered terms, who would have voting rights to amend the articles of incorporation.	将有一名董事会和五名任期交错的当选董事，他们将拥有修改公司章程的表决权。	1
There would be no limit to the number of nightmares he would have because of it.	因此，他将拥有的噩梦数量没有任何限制。	2
There would be projectors concealed, to display different images on the hangings, which would dim when sleep is desired.	将隐藏投影仪，以便在吊架上显示不同的图像，当需要睡眠时，投影仪会变暗。	1
There you have the answer to your comment...	在这里，您可以回答您的意见 ...	1
Therfore it is important to explain a few of these attention deficit disorder symptoms and I have attempted to showcase a few of the most common ones in the posts below.	因此，必须解释其中的几种注意力缺失症症状，我已尝试在下面的职位中展示几种最常见的症状。	1
The rich are rich because others are not.	富人是富人，因为其他人不是。	2
The Richmond Times now reports the computers will be made available for purchase to Henrico County residents first, with the remainder available to people from outside the area.	《里士满时报》报道说，电脑将首先提供给 Henrico 县居民购买，其余的将提供给该地区以外的人。	0
The Richter family moved to the UK from Germany when Max was a young child, leaving the wider part of his family distributed around Germany.	Richter 一家从德国搬到了英国，当时 Max 是一个年幼的孩子，而他的家人的大部分分布在德国各地。	0
The right and bottom toggles may be used carelessly to look at various screen with no danger of messing anything up or losing images.	可以随意使用右键和底部键来查看各种屏幕，而不会有任何图像混淆或丢失的危险。	1
The right size and the right rate of growth depends entirely upon the industry concerned, the population, the market, the infrastructure and so forth.	正确的规模和正确的增长率完全取决于有关行业，人口，市场，基础设施等等。	1
The rights that are affected need to be identified first.	首先需要确定受影响的权利。	0
The rigidity entered my body and I began to walk around with a pronounced stoop.	刚度进入我的身体，我开始用明显的停止声四处走动。	2
The rigid plastic puts a firm pressure on the ligaments around the base of the nipple.	硬塑料对乳头底部周围的配体施加了牢固的压力。	2
The ring may be combined with some letters of the extended Latin alphabets.	铃声可以与扩展拉丁字母的某些字母组合使用。	0
The rings have an ethereal beauty no photo can properly convey.	这些戒指有着一种美得让人无法正确地传达照片的美。	2
The rise in the fuel prices had its negative effects that showed clearly on the profits of the company.	燃油价格的上涨产生了负面影响，这清楚地表明了公司的利润。	1
The ritual celebrations of the Divine Office are a strong means of entering into a dialogue of praise and contemplation of the God who saves us.	神圣办公室的仪式庆祝是一种有力的手段，可以通过对话来赞美和沉思拯救我们的神。	1
The road rises gently for several miles, making it feel like you are taking off in a light plane.	这条路轻轻升起几英里，让您感觉像是在轻飞机上起飞。	2
The road test went well and she is going to make another this size.	路试进展顺利，她将做出另一个这样的规模。	2
The roadworks in Seattle were pretty bad too which also went on forever.	西雅图的道路工程也相当糟糕，而且还在持续。	1
The roe shrimp season is usually less than a month in duration and landings are dependent upon the severity of the previous winter.	鱼虾季的持续时间通常不到一个月，上岸量取决于上一个冬季的严重程度。	1
The rogue spotted May attempting to unleash a surprise slash from the corner of his eye, and immediately executed a back flip as she thrusted the claw forward.	这位流氓发现 May 试图从他的眼睛的角落里释放一个惊喜的斜杠，并在她向前推进爪子时立即执行了背反转。	2
The role of Jim Gallien, the Alaskan who gave Chris the rubber boots in the opening scene, is played by the real Jim Gallien.	詹姆斯 · 加利安（ Jim Gallien ）扮演的角色是真正的吉姆 · 加利安（ Jim Gallien ），他在开场现场为克里斯提供了橡胶靴。	2
The role of the Secretariat is to provide research and administrative support to the Council and to develop, implement and manage Council projects and initiatives.	秘书处的作用是向理事会提供研究和行政支助，并制定，执行和管理理事会的项目和倡议。	0
The Romana Residence Hotel in Milan is the ideal 4 star hotel for anyone arriving in Milan for some serious retail therapy and culture.	米兰的 Romana Residence 酒店是所有来米兰进行严肃的零售治疗和文化活动的人的理想 4 星级酒店。	2
The Room of Requirement was a most appreciated place to the students of Hogwarts.	对于霍格沃茨的学生来说，要求的房间是最受欢迎的地方。	1
The room seemed smaller than I had once thought.	房间比我想象的要小。	0
The rooms offer cable TV and free internet access.	客房提供有线电视和免费互联网接入。	0
The root of living well starts when you plant yourself firmly within a new neighborhood thats close to everything that matters.	当您将自己牢固地植入一个靠近一切重要事物的新社区时，生活的根源就会开始。	2
The Round Table on Responsible Soy aims to provide a global standard for Responsible Soy Production.	负责任的 Soy 圆桌会议旨在为负责任的 Soy 生产提供全球标准。	1
The Royal Colombo Golf Club is the oldest Golf Club in Sri Lanka.	皇家科伦坡高尔夫俱乐部（ Royal Colombo Golf Club ）是斯里兰卡最古老的高尔夫俱乐部。	0
The RSF starts with ideology first and puts facts second, exactly the opposite of what journalists should do.	无国界记者组织从意识形态开始，将事实置于第二，恰恰与记者应该做的事情相反。	0
The ruins of Nineveh are surrounded by the remains of a massive stone and mudbrick wall dating from about 700 BC.	尼尼微的废墟被公元前 700 年的巨大石头和泥石墙的遗迹所包围。	1
The rule of thumb for his ranch near the Chiricahuas is slightly different.	他在奇里卡瓦斯附近的牧场的经验法则略有不同。	2
The Rules Now, there are few rules you need to follow in order to stay in fashion.	规则现在，您需要遵循的规则很少，才能保持时尚。	2
The rules preclude vegetation removal within 5m of perennial streams in hill country areas and require the revegetation of cleared areas where the clearance would increase the risk of soil loss.	这些规则禁止在山地地区 5 米长的长年溪流内清除植被，并要求重新植被，因为清除这些植被会增加土壤流失的风险。	2
The run was out to Bottesford for the start, and then on to Both Grantham and Melton Mowbray to deliver Easter Eggs for the children at various hospitals and Orphanages.	这一过程从博特斯福德开始，随后又到格拉塔姆和梅尔顿 · 莫夫布雷，在各医院和孤儿院为儿童提供复活节彩蛋。	2
The rush of semi trucks and busy cars was gone and it was a private and very frosty ride home.	半卡车和繁忙的汽车的冲出，这是一次私人的，非常冷的回家之旅。	2
The Russian Black Terrier has made very rapid progress in its short time in Britain, and certainly there were some high quality specimens there for us to assess.	俄罗斯黑梗在英国的短时间内取得了非常迅速的进展，当然还有一些高质量的标本供我们评估。	0
The Russian people are as nice as anywhere else, if not nicer.	俄罗斯人民和其他地方一样好，甚至更好。	0
The RY-3, a transport version of the same aircraft, is the same size as is the B-24.	RY-3 是同一架飞机的运输版本，与 B-24 的尺寸相同。	1
The saber swings as though it is striking an unseen foe.	安息日的摆动就好像它在打击一只看不见的敌人。	2
The sad thing is you might have actually made a few bucks on that auction!	可悲的是，你可能在拍卖中赚了一些钱！	1
The Safety Net pays all or part of the cost of services, depending on age and income.	安全网根据年龄和收入支付全部或部分服务费用。	0
The Sales department is the only organization that truly understands the clients needs and therefore should control the development schedule and all milestones.	销售部门是真正了解客户需求的唯一组织，因此应控制开发计划和所有里程碑。	0
The Sales Development team focuses on developing the relationship further to nurture them along in their buying process by providing valuable information.	销售发展团队专注于进一步发展关系，通过提供宝贵的信息在购买过程中进一步培养他们。	0
The Samarkand is a smaller central neighborhood of single family homes similar to San Roque, but slightly less expensive.	撒马尔罕（ Samarkand ）是一个较小的中心社区，有一个类似于圣罗克（ San Roque ）的家庭住宅，但价格略低。	2
The same procedure is applied to approximately a dozen common oxyacids.	同样的程序适用于大约十几种常见的氧化酸。	0
The same thing applies also to the Socrates programme, which is largely financed under Phare in the case of the candidate countries in order to make the mobility of students a reality.	同样的情况也适用于苏格拉底方案，该方案在候选国的情况下主要由法尔提供资金，以使学生的流动性成为现实。	2
The sample menues in front of the book are also a hoot and are a real help in putting together meals for two or for a party.	书前的菜单样本也是一个有趣的例子，是一个真正的帮助，将两人或一个聚会的餐食组合在一起。	2
The sand was not quite as floury fine as that we saw and felt in the Sahara a few years ago when we were in Tunisia.	这片沙子并不像几年前我们在突尼斯时在撒哈拉看到和感受到的那样纯正。	1
The SAS used the MP5 in Operation Nimrod after which it became world famous.	SAS 在尼姆罗德行动中使用了 MP5 ，此后它成为世界著名的。	1
The Saturday Delivery option incurs an additional cost, but allows the item to be delivered on Saturday.	星期六配送选项会产生额外成本，但允许商品在星期六配送。	1
The SB terminal bases and the SB termination boards offer the possibility of pre wiring.	SB 接线端子底座和 SB 端接板提供了预接线的可能性。	0
The scale of the damage from the credit crisis was significant.	信贷危机造成的损失规模很大。	0
The scene is one of activity including a man holding a sack exiting the large cottage in the background, a group of three horses gathered in the vicinity, as well as groups of people gathered around the square.	现场活动包括一名男子拿着一个背包从大平房中出来，一群三匹马聚集在附近，还有一群人聚集在广场周围。	2
The scent and flavor is lemony, popular even with those who do not like other mints.	气味和味道是柠檬，即使不喜欢其他薄荷的人也很受欢迎。	2
The schema of such an approach is shown on the right part of Fig.	这种方法的架构显示在图	1
The scheme is designed to encourage budding science writers and to reward those who take the time and trouble to write articles for Science File.	该计划旨在鼓励科学作家的发展，并奖励那些花时间和麻烦为科学档案撰写文章的人。	1
The Scheme shall not invest more than 10% of its NAV in the equity shares or equity related instruments of any company.	该计划不得将其资产净值的 10% 以上投资于任何公司的股份或股权相关工具。	2
The scholarship provides emoluments to contribute substantially toward the cost of living, books and charges.	这笔奖学金提供的薪酬可为生活费用，书籍和费用作出重大贡献。	0
The School District Coordinator must be informed of all incidents of emergency terminations, in order to follow appropriate rules and regulations.	必须将所有紧急终止事件通知学区协调员，以便遵守适当的规则和条例。	1
The School has been innovating along many dimensions over the years I've served as dean, just as it has throughout its history and undoubtedly will do long into its future.	在我担任校长的这些年里，学校一直在许多方面进行创新，就像它在其整个历史中所做的那样，毫无疑问，它将为未来做很长时间的工作。	1
The school values ongoing professional development of staff and allocates a significant budget to support this.	学校重视工作人员的持续专业发展，并为此拨出大量预算。	0
The school works actively to prepare their students for their state licensing exams.	学校积极为学生准备国家许可证考试。	0
The Science of Moist Basements The soil around foundation walls can contain a large amount of moisture from surface water seeping down or from a high water table.	潮湿地底科学基础墙周围的土壤可以含有大量来自地表水渗出或来自高水位的水分。	1
The screech of metal against metal never ceased to send a shiver down his spine.	金属对金属的尖叫声从未停止将碎石器从他的脊椎下移。	2
The screening of mechanical equipment on the walls and roof will also need to be shown on the final site plan.	墙壁和屋顶机械设备的筛选也需要显示在最终场地计划中。	1
The script at that part was very sad as well, seeing that the Mom has Jason as her only friend, contradicting the once active lad is now with a dying heart for the girl.	这部分的剧本也非常悲伤，因为看到妈妈把杰森作为她唯一的朋友，与曾经活跃的老姑娘现在的心已经死的矛盾。	1
These and other objects of the present invention will become more apparent from the following description.	从以下描述中可以看出这一发明的这些和其他目的。	2
The search for conscious coherence covers discovering and using emotional energy to your advantage.	追求有意识的一致性包括发现和利用情感能量来提升您的优势。	1
These are: advanced infrastructure solutions networking infrastructure solutions data management solutions information worker solutions EMIS achieved gold status after customers supplied references to Microsoft.	这些是：高级基础架构解决方案网络基础架构解决方案数据管理解决方案信息工作者解决方案在客户提供 Microsoft 参考后， EMIS 获得了黄金地位。	0
These are all boiled down to the as a matter of actual fact that women are in reality venturesome people.	这些都被认为是一个事实，即妇女实际上是冒险者。	2
These are among the many reasons why I have not been posting with any regularity.	这是我没有定期发布的许多原因之一。	0
These areas are updated when the system generates the update message for the user item.	当系统为用户项目生成更新消息时，这些区域将被更新。	0
These areas should be identified and outlined, and objectives should be established to adequately review and report the problem areas.	应确定和概述这些领域，并制定目标以充分审查和报告问题领域。	1
These are exceptional scores for a new mainstream video card, which is supposedly tuned for the newest games.	这是一张新的主流显卡的非凡得分，该显卡被认为是为最新的游戏而调谐的。	1
These are good bills that have passed the full house and are sitting in the Senate waiting to be voted on.	这些都是好的法案，已经通过了议会，并正在参议院等待表决。	1
These are guaranteed to work and stop the noises forever.	这些都能保证工作并永远停止噪音。	0
These are just a couple of pointers to help to improve your story.	这些只是有助于改善您的故事的几个要点。	1
These are likely to be prevalent in the economy, and that prevalence indicates that the example is more typical than its simplified form might suggest.	这种情况在经济中很可能很普遍，而且这种流行表明，这一例子比简化形式可能显示的更典型。	1
These are seen more often in children or when the dose is increased quickly or in combination with some drugs.	在儿童中，或在剂量快速增加或与某些药物结合使用时，更经常出现这种情况。	1
These are the pokemon I think are the best.	这些是我认为最好的 pokemon 。	0
These are the poker schools that we have tested.	这些是我们测试过的扑克学校。	2
These are the recommended wall outlet plug adapters for DJIBOUTI.	这些是吉布提推荐的墙上插座插头适配器。	0
The searing hot blacktop against her flesh was no match for the throbbing ache on her face.	她的肉身所面临的热黑顶与她脸上的刺耳的疼痛不匹配。	2
The seats were brilliant, the stage was wonderfully realistic and the songs were great.	座位很棒，舞台非常逼真，歌曲也很棒。	0
These attacks are serious health problems in the United States.	这些袭击是美国严重的健康问题。	1
These beautiful lions are masters of their domain.	这些美丽的狮子是他们的领地的主人。	1
These boundaries help me so that I'm not spending most of my time sobbing on the bathroom floor.	这些界限对我有帮助，使我不会把大部分时间花在浴室地板上。	1
These Canadians have the songwriting skills to take them out of the ethereal fog and into some genuinely moving material.	这些加拿大人有着将他们从这种雾中带走并带入一些真正移动的材料的歌曲写作技巧。	2
These can be used at long range and at different height levels in the field map.	它们可以在田间作业图中的长距离和不同高度级别上使用。	1
These can be used not only to put more money in your pocket, but can be used to negotiate a better deal.	这些工具不仅可以用于将更多的资金投入到您的口袋中，还可以用于谈判更好的交易。	0
These can provide additional pole trekking transport to and from research facilities and camps where trekking individuals may stay the first and last nights upon arrival.	这些设施可以提供额外的极地徒步交通工具往返于研究设施和营地，徒步旅行的人在抵达后的第一晚和最后一晚都可以在此停留。	0
These can support lessons but current evidence suggests the patient needs to have lessons to be helped.	这些可以支持课程，但当前的证据表明患者需要学习课程以获得帮助。	1
These centers are typically located in the Nodal Character Districts and are served by high speed transit or interstate highways and arterial roads.	这些中心通常位于诺达尔特色区，由高速过境或州际公路和动脉公路提供服务。	1
These chains associate along their axes and form fibrous crystals.	这些链沿轴联结，形成纤维晶体。	0
These closures have not been effective and evidence of continued motor vehicle use is still occurring on all closed routes.	这些封闭措施并不有效，所有封闭道路上仍有继续使用机动车辆的证据。	0
These cold lasers are noninvasive and can help assist the problems at a cellular level.	这些冷激光器是无创的，可以帮助解决蜂窝级别的问题。	2
The second camera fits on the back of the car to help prevent mishaps caused while reversing; it comes with its own electric defroster.	第二个摄像头安装在汽车后部，以防止倒车时发生事故；它配备了自己的电动除霜器。	1
The second category of arguments concerns the factors linked to institutional and regulatory obstacles.	第二类论点涉及与体制和监管障碍有关的因素。	0
The second floor is reserved for temporary historical exhibits.	二楼是临时历史展览。	1
The second manuscript is due in the first of March next year, which will be much easier to hit.	第二份手稿将于明年 3 月 1 日出版，这将更容易被击中。	1
The second opposition is found in the concluding verses: the master invites the uninvited and these originally uninvited guests share in the banquet.	第二个反对意见出现在结论中：主人邀请未受邀的客人和这些原本未受邀的客人一起参加宴会。	2
The second postulate is that the Atlantic alliance, in the fields defined by the treaty, provides the organic framework for the cooperation between our two countries; and this is something that should be reasserted.	第二个假设是，大西洋联盟在条约所界定的领域中为我们两国之间的合作提供了有机框架；这是应该重申的。	1
The second thing she noticed was that she was in a fairly wooded area.	她注意到的第二件事是，她所在的地区相当树木繁茂。	1
The second thrust studies throughput issues for MIMO communications under different scenarios.	第二个重点研究不同场景下 MIMO 通信的吞吐量问题。	0
The second was courtesy of a strong education and a voracious appetite for reading.	第二个是受过良好的教育和对阅读的渴望。	1
The second witness, admitted that he was a paid police informant in the case and that he had lied at the trial.	第二名证人承认，他是该案的一名付费警察线人，在审判中撒谎。	1
These crab soaps would be perfect wedding favors for a beach wedding or cute in guest.	这些螃蟹肥皂是举办海滩婚礼的完美婚礼或可爱的客人。	2
The Secretary shall attend to the giving and serving of all notices to the members and Directors, and such other notices required by law.	秘书须留意向股东及董事发出及送达所有通知，以及法律规定的其他通知。	1
The Secretary shall pay into the migratory bird conservation fund the aggregate amount of the proceeds of any transfer or disposal referred to in the preceding sentence.	秘书应将前一句所述任何转让或处置所得的总收益支付给候鸟养护基金。	1
The section on CEO blogs featured several business leaders with positives and negatives about their experience.	CEO 博客部分介绍了几位业务领导者对其体验的正面和负面评价。	0
The security and physical characteristics of this channel are out of scope for this document, but it is a requirement that its use be minimized for scalability.	此通道的安全性和物理特性不在本文档的范围之内，但为了实现可扩展性，需要将其使用量降至最低。	1
These data contain the information about water content distribution versus depth.	这些数据包含有关水含量分布与深度的信息。	0
These days in many pharmaceutical products clay kaolin is used to carry other medicines into the body.	如今，在许多药品中，粘土高林被用于将其他药物带入体内。	1
These days you have all exotic and spicy food.	如今，您可以品尝到各种异国风味的辛辣美食。	0
These dramatic changes can be very sad to watch.	这些戏剧性的变化令人非常难过。	0
These eight riddles come from an ancient manuscript known as The.	这八个谜语来自一个被称为的古代手稿。	2
The seek time depends on how far the head has to move.	搜寻时间取决于头部必须移动多远。	1
These electromechanically operated valves are available in a wide range of configurations and materials to control the flow of media in a wide variety of applications.	这些电动机械操作阀提供多种配置和材料，可在各种应用中控制介质的流动。	0
These elegant components are a perfect addition to any home or business and are an excellent way to improve the resale value of any home.	这些优雅的组件是任何家庭或企业的完美补充，也是提高任何家庭转售价值的最佳方法。	1
These ELL reform efforts were aided by programmatic consistency during the reform period.	在改革期间，这些改革努力得到了方案一致性的帮助。	1
These events involved the chemically induced death of just two people, but they offer a chilling look at what could happen if a terrorist released a chemical agent into a crowd.	这些事件只涉及两个人的化学诱发死亡，但这些事件让人对恐怖分子将化学制剂释放到人群中可能发生的情况感到冷酷。	2
These factors also make it difficult to identify effective school practices.	这些因素也使人们难以确定有效的学校做法。	1
These famous words mark the pedestal of the most colossal metal statue ever made, and perhaps the most famous and beloved sculpture in the world: the Statue of Liberty.	这些著名的词汇标志着有史以来最巨大的金属雕像的基座，或许也是世界上最著名和最受欢迎的雕塑：自由女神像。	0
These fees are not regulated by Sanders Auto; they will be included on your final invoice from Sanders Auto.	这些费用不受 Sanders Auto 管制；它们将包含在您的 Sanders Auto 最终发票上。	1
These few days had been enough to develop a connection to this age, a connection which argued against the urge to run.	这几天就足以与这一年龄形成联系，这种联系反对竞选的冲动。	2
These fish are not picky, so it is more of a matter of finding them by jigging, then sending down the fly.	这些鱼不是很挑剔，所以更重要的是通过夹线找到它们，然后把飞下来。	2
These fish farms and our government must no longer be permitted to act with impunity.	决不能再允许这些鱼场和我国政府不受惩罚地采取行动。	1
These five council members need to feel a great deal of heat for their unbending opposition to Liberty.	这五个安理会成员需要为他们坚决反对自由感到极大的热度。	2
These front mount locations can be worn as well, though typically not as bad as the rear location.	这些前安装位置也可以磨损，但通常不像后部位置那么糟糕。	1
These funds are in addition to the efforts underway to obtain support for Trotter through private donors as part of our major fundraising campaign.	这些资金是目前通过私人捐助者为转台车提供支持的努力的补充，这是我们重大筹资活动的一部分。	1
These games are accessible from anywhere if a person has access to an world wide web connection.	如果一个人可以访问全球网络连接，则可以从任何地方访问这些游戏。	0
These guidelines have been prepared on the basis of the best available evidence for all key recommenda- tions, and with the principle that guidelines should be educational rather than merely prescriptive.	这些准则是根据所有关键建议的现有最佳证据编写的，并遵循的原则是，准则应是教育性的，而不是仅仅是规范性的。	1
These guys forgot that humor is supposed to be funny.	这些人忘记了幽默应该是有趣的。	0
These harps have the signature Steen Harp sound with a fully set of Truitt Levers.	这些竖琴具有经典的 Steen Harp 声效，并配有一整套 Truitt 杠杆。	0
These include the right to receive information and be consulted as well as intervention rights regarding commercial and other matters.	这些权利包括获得信息和被咨询的权利，以及在商业和其他事项上的干预权。	0
These individuals are eligible to receive awards from the state organization.	这些人有资格获得国家组织的奖励。	1
These indoor activities burn very little extra energy and quite often lead to an increase in snacking.	这些室内活动只消耗很少的额外能量，而且经常导致零食的增加。	2
These issues have been very extensively covered in other threads.	这些问题已在其他方面得到广泛的讨论。	0
These kingdoms grew and started to compete with one another for land and riches.	这些王国的成长和开始相互争夺土地和财富。	2
These law enforcement groups believe that only they have the right to weapons.	These law enforcement groups believe that only they have the right to weapons.	2
These learning skills are important for effectiveness in specialist and technology careers.	这些学习技能对于在专业和技术职业中的有效性非常重要。	1
These letters confirm that official contact between the Hungarian kingdom and the Turkish Empire was held in Serbian language and that both sides wrote letter in Cyrillic.	这些信件证实，匈牙利王国和土耳其帝国之间的官方接触是用塞尔维亚语言进行的，双方都用西里尔文撰写了信函。	1
These limitations, in general, apply to any disbursement made by the ASUW or GPSS to or for any private individual or group.	这些限制一般适用于美国大学妇女协会或全球公共服务企业向任何个人或团体或为任何个人或团体支付的任何款项。	2
These loans offer you good quantity of funds in order that you can execute your number of monetary purposes in an appropriate demeanour.	这些贷款为您提供了大量资金，以便您能够以适当的方式执行您的货币目的。	2
These matching benches are hand hewn, joined and doweled to form a solid structure that will never become loose or unstable.	这些匹配的工作台采用手持式，连接和定位，形成一个永远不会松动或不稳定的坚固结构。	2
These mechanics really like to get their hands dirty!!	这些机械师真的很喜欢把手弄脏！！	2
These methods are conducive to this type of learning and should continue to be used effectively as part of the multi disciplinary approach to nutrition education.	这些方法有利于这类学习，应继续有效地作为营养教育多学科方法的一部分。	1
These models are not applicable, however, if no regime shift has actually occurred in the sample period.	但是，如果在抽样期内没有实际发生政权更迭，则这些模式不适用。	0
The Senate has yet to take any action on the plan.	参议院尚未就该计划采取任何行动。	0
These needs are outlined in a Request For Proposal (RFP), a detailed and legally binding document that encourages the public to bid for the contract work.	这些需要在招标书中得到了概述，招标书是一份详细的，具有法律约束力的文件，鼓励公众为合同工作投标。	1
The senior coalition partner, the Social Democrats have put forward former Justice Minister Jaroslav Bures.	社会民主党是联盟的高级伙伴，提出了前司法部长贾罗斯拉夫 · 博德斯。	2
The sensation was so real it was almost shocking in intensity.	这种感觉是如此真实，其强度几乎令人震惊。	0
The sensuality and acceptance of her aesthetic can be framed wonderfully by that stylized heart image.	这种风格化的心脏形象可以完美地塑造她的感官和对她审美的接受。	1
The sentiment seems to have reversed quite abruptly.	这种情绪似乎突然逆转了。	1
These often use a more open cell sponge or a fiber type of filter media.	它们通常使用更开放的细胞海绵或光纤类型的过滤介质。	0
These opera length satin gloves are perfect for a fun or formal night out.	这些歌剧长缎手套非常适合享受一个有趣或正式的夜晚。	2
These options may range from receiving suggestions on how to discourage the harasser yourself, to filing a formal written complaint.	这些选择可能包括接收关于如何劝阻骚扰者自己的建议，以及提交正式书面投诉。	2
The separate samples can be used during the same or separate semesters, and schools can be assured that they will be asked to participate in only one survey.	在同一学期或单独学期可以使用单独的样本，学校可以保证他们只被要求参加一次调查。	1
The separating of the left brain and right brain tasks, in the art of mixing article was mind blowing, LOL.	左脑和右脑任务的分离，在混合文章的艺术中是令人兴奋的， LOL 。	2
These people learned by just doing a job and getting paid.	这些人只是通过做一份工作和获得报酬来学习。	0
These people who have been gifted to be watchmen to the church can save us a lot of time and research.	这些有天赋的人是教堂的守望者，他们可以为我们节省大量时间和研究。	1
These pizzas look and taste like the real deal so purchase one and take a bit of attitude to the streets of Brisbane.	这些披萨看起来和味道都像真正的交易，所以买一个，然后对布里斯班的街道持一点态度。	2
These plans are destined to offer medical assistance and protection in cases where individuals get health problems outside the nation.	这些计划的目的是在个人在国外遇到健康问题时提供医疗援助和保护。	1
These policies are reform of the education system and a public works program.	这些政策是教育制度改革和公共工程方案。	1
These projects divert waste from landfills, reduce hazardous waste and conserve water, energy and greenhouse gas emissions.	这些项目将废物从垃圾填埋场转移，减少危险废物，并保护水，能源和温室气体排放。	1
These provisions came into force in England and Wales in 2005.	这些规定于 2005 年在英格兰和威尔士生效。	1
The sergeant ordered everyone to go back into the cave as far they could.	这位农奴命令每个人尽可能地回到洞穴里。	1
The serial ports are located on the left side at the back of the autosampler.	串行端口位于自动进样器背面的左侧。	0
The serious air was gone and was replaced with the original lighthearted air of a celebration.	严肃的空气消失了，取而代之的是原来的庆祝活动的轻轻轻空气。	1
These rooms have great views across the gardens towards the Lebombo Mountains.	这些客房可欣赏到花园对面的 Lebombo 山的美景。	0
These rugs are remarkably comfy and a good spot to relax your feet after that tense day.	这些地毯非常舒适，是在紧张的一天结束后放松脚的好地方。	1
These run the gamut from short three line agreements to more formal and corporate legal documents.	这些文件涵盖从短三行协议到更正式和更具公司性质的法律文件。	0
The service is free to use and operates by connecting to your Facebook account.	此服务可免费使用，并通过连接到您的 Facebook 帐户来运行。	0
These same entities that are promoting this current proposal have been the loudest in supporting the outsourcing of jobs - causing one to truly question any commitment they claim to have to their communities.	这些推动目前这一建议的实体在支持外包工作方面也是最大声的，这使人们真正质疑他们声称对其社区的任何承诺。	2
These sandwiches are great when served for lunch.	午餐时提供的这些三明治非常棒。	0
These scripts are hardcoded on jobdetails page for microsites which dont call this footer if (!	这些脚本在作业详细信息页面上进行硬编码，用于在以下情况下不调用此页脚的微站点： (!	0
These sectors are the main occupations of the local native population, who are experiencing difficulty in the transition to market relations.	这些部门是当地土著居民的主要职业，他们在向市场关系过渡方面遇到困难。	0
These sentiments were echoed by Hugh when he addressed the court.	在法庭上发言时， Hugh 也表达了这种看法。	1
These service providers were largely acting as government sanctioned monopolies and offered only plain old telephone service (POTS).	这些服务提供商在很大程度上是政府认可的垄断企业，只提供普通的旧电话服务。	1
These seven premier schools share numerous commonalities that set them apart from other American high schools.	这七所顶级学校有许多共同点，使它们与美国其他高中不同。	0
These signals request a particular windshield wiper speed (depending on the amount of rain falling on the windshield), indicate that a sudden large splash has hit the windshield and register the light conditions outdoors.	这些信号要求特定的挡风玻璃雨刮器速度（取决于挡风玻璃上的雨量），表明挡风玻璃突然出现大溅水，并记录室外的光线条件。	1
These simple games are made using a manila file folder as the base.	这些简单的游戏使用马尼拉文件文件夹作为基础。	0
These simplifications are repeated until all bindings are irreducible, which leaves us with a set of variable bindings that constitute the result of pattern matching.	这些简化将重复进行，直到所有绑定都不可还原，这使我们拥有一组变量绑定，这些绑定构成了模式匹配的结果。	1
These sources are not covered by the Oracle Contributor Agreement and thus copyright is not shared with Oracle.	这些来源不在 Oracle Contributor 协议的范围内，因此版权不与 Oracle 共享。	1
These spacious and modern apartments within this historic city of Guangzhou are designed for comfort and convenience.	位于广州这座历史悠久的城市内的这些宽敞现代的公寓设计舒适便利。	0
These species are of global importance for conservation efforts and deserve special attention in this country.	这些物种对保护工作具有全球重要性，值得该国特别关注。	0
These standards are not intended to discourage reporters from cultivating sources who are wary of publicity.	这些标准并不是为了阻止记者培养警惕宣传的消息来源。	2
These standards include appropriate standards and procedures relevant to each country in which we operate our business.	这些标准包括与我们经营业务的每个国家 / 地区相关的适当标准和程序。	1
These studies show children who take vouchers, at the very least, do no worse than public school students.	这些研究表明，领取代金券的儿童至少不会比公立学校学生更糟。	1
These supplements contain EPA and DHA fatty acids, which is something that confuses a lot of people.	这些补充剂含有 EPA 和 DHA 脂肪酸，这是许多人的混淆。	1
These systems also enable Luxembourg to corner niche markets in financial services such as international pension funds and mutual funds.	这些制度还使卢森堡能够在金融服务领域开辟特殊市场，如国际养恤基金和共同基金。	0
These teams have all done well to keep track of their roots.	这些团队都很好地跟踪了他们的根源。	1
These things will without doubt prepare me for what is ahead of me.	这些事情无疑将使我为我的未来做好准备。	1
These Tibetans showed strong emotion as His Holiness appeared before them and bursts into sobs and prayers for His Holiness' long life.	这些藏族人在他的圣洁出现在他们面前时表现出强烈的情绪，并为他的圣洁的长命而向他们祈祷。	2
These trails are marked with a red and white blaze.	这些小径上都有红白色的火焰。	1
These treatments can be used alone or in any combination.	这些治疗可以单独使用，也可以任意组合使用。	0
The setting of most of her novels and short stories is the small town of Oster in Eastern Ukraine after World War II.	她的大部分小说和短篇故事的背景是二战后乌克兰东部的奥斯特小镇	0
These two categories might not scare you long term, especially if you have a plan and you are on the right track.	这两个类别可能不会让您长期感到害怕，特别是如果您有计划并且您在正确的轨道上。	1
These two differs in a way that actual process of data cleansing may involve removing typos or validating and correcting values against a known list of entities.	这两种方法的不同之处在于实际的数据清理过程可能涉及删除拼写错误或根据已知实体列表验证和更正值。	0
These two frequencies handle most of the dispatch for Northstar.	这两个频率可以处理 Northstar 的大部分派单。	1
These two previous efforts at least had one track that help salvage the score from total mediocrity.	这两项先前的努力至少有一条轨道有助于从完全平庸中挽救得分。	2
These two sections above all challenged widely accepted beliefs about management in general, but especially in the public service.	以上这两个部分都对普遍接受的一般管理观念提出了质疑，特别是在公共服务部门。	0
These types of designs are always suitable with the different tastes regarding its buyers from around the world.	这些类型的设计总是适合来自世界各地的买家的不同口味。	0
These types of posts have absolutely nothing to do with the nature of this forum.	这类职位与本论坛的性质完全无关。	1
These types of vendors are especially useful for locating gifts for collectors of all sorts.	这些类型的供应商对于为各种收藏者查找礼品特别有用。	1
These underlying assumptions have to be tackled and picked apart.	这些基本假设必须加以处理并加以区分。	0
These unique problems have led to the standard concepts of capacity as adopted in most industries being confused in fisheries literature, and new terms introduced to try and overcome the definitional problems arising from variable fish stock.	这些独特的问题导致大多数行业采用的能力标准概念在渔业文献中被混淆，并引入了新的术语来试图克服因鱼类种群变化而产生的定义问题。	1
These were dwarf versions of traditional crops with shorter stems that performed better in irrigated, fertilized soil.	这些都是传统作物的矮种，其茎杆较短，在灌溉肥土中效果较好。	0
These would be the best three weeks of his life!	这将是他一生中最棒的三周！	0
The SGR formula to determine the Medicare fee schedule is flawed and leads to a slow erosion of the payments to physicians compared to the cost of providing that care.	确定医疗保险收费表的 SGR 公式存在缺陷，导致医生的付款与提供医疗服务的成本相比缓慢下降。	1
The shackles had dug into his skin, no doubt from where he had been struggling to get free, rivers of blood running down his arms and dripping to the floor.	The shackles had dug into his skin, no doubt from where he had been struggling to get free, rivers of blood running down his arms and Dripping to the floor.	2
The shape on the switching function and of the control norm graphs are particularly interesting concerning suspicion of singular arcs.	切换功能和控制标准图形的形状对于单弧的怀疑特别有趣。	2
The shares for which the right to withdraw is exercised may not be transferred and the relevant certificates, where issued, must be deposited at the registered office of the company.	行使撤回权的股份不得转让，有关证书（如已发出）必须交存于公司的注册办事处。	0
The Sharks scored three times in a span of less than six minutes to go in front for good.	鲨鱼在不到六分钟的时间内获得三次进球，以取得好成绩。	2
The sheer scale of contemporary global remittances itself represents a significant contemporary form of social and economic transformation.	当代全球汇款的规模本身就是当代社会和经济变革的一种重要形式。	0
The shine reflecting off the handcuffs reflected the new, unblemished surface of the leather whip while the sharpness of the arrows could instill fear on those whose head was pointing towards.	手铐上的光亮反映了皮革鞭子新的，没有瑕疵的表面，而箭头的锐度可能会给那些头指向的人带来恐惧。	2
The shock of hearing her mom scream helped her to bring herself forward and push the wolf back.	听到妈妈尖叫的震惊帮助她向前推进，并将狼推回。	2
The shoes arrived quickly but when these shoes came the straps across had not been sewn for both pairs, It was as if the maker got tired and decided not to complete making the shoes.	鞋子很快就到了，但是当这些鞋出来的时候，没有为两双鞋缝制好绑带，就好像是制作者累了，决定不完成鞋子的制作。	2
The shop features a range of local products made in Tayside.	该商店出售各种在塔赛德制造的当地产品。	1
The siege continued for 49 days when the governor surrendered Louisburg and the island of Cape Breton to the English forces.	这一包围持续了 49 天，当时总督将卢伊斯堡和布列塔尼角岛交给英国军队。	1
The signature of one executor or administrator on the preliminary notice is sufficient.	一名执行人或管理人在初步通知上签字就足够了。	1
The Significance of Job Satisfaction for the Retention of Nurses Job satisfaction is considered a critical factor in health care settings for several reasons.	工作满意度对留住护士工作满意度的重要性被认为是医疗环境中的一个关键因素，原因有几个。	2
The significance of this was soon to be revealed.	这种情况的重要性很快就会显现出来。	1
The significant news about this settlement is that there is no indication that ECUSA or 815 Second Avenue participated to the slightest degree in the resolution of the lawsuit.	关于这一和解的重要消息是，没有迹象表明欧洲经济委员会或第二大道 815 号在最低程度上参与了诉讼的解决。	1
The silence this time was very brief, and Sasuke looked beside himself with confusion, something he must not have felt too often.	这一次的沉默非常简短， Sasuke 带着困惑，这是他不能太经常感到的。	1
The silence was profound, broken only by the dip of my paddle into water and the occasional squawk of a startled night bird.	这种沉默是深刻的，只是因为我的桨板被浸在水中，偶尔还会有一只令人震惊的夜间鸟鸣叫。	2
The silence was stretching as neither of them really knew how to start talking, and they seemed to have decided what to say at the exact same time.	这种沉默一直在延续，因为他们都不知道如何开始说话，而且他们似乎同时决定了要说什么。	1
The silhouette of a large house was visible in the distance.	一座大房子的轮廓在远处是可见的。	1
The similarity measure is normalised by the size of the correlation windows Wc .	相似度度量通过关联窗口 WC 的大小进行标准化。	1
The simplest process involves using the photoresist directly as the etch mask.	最简单的过程是直接使用光敏作为蚀刻蒙片。	1
The site was used to raise draft horses, massive animals closer to the size of Budweiser Clydesdales than the Kentucky Derby mounts.	该场地用于饲养马匹，大型动物，它们比肯塔基赛马山（ Kentucky Derby Mounts ）的规模更接近百威克莱德斯达莱斯（ Budweiser Clydesdales ）。	0
The situation of our hotel makes it a good initial point to discover Algeciras.	我们酒店的地理位置使它成为探索阿尔赫西拉斯的良好起点。	1
The size og the SDA is small and light.	SDA 的尺寸小而轻。	2
The sky lit up and soon heavy winds from the shockwave buffered the car, rocking it on its wheel and threatening to overturn it.	天空亮起，冲击波的强风很快就把汽车缓冲起来，把它摇上车轮，并威胁要将它翻倒。	2
The sleeve wedge cones are designed to give maximum expansion even in shallow anchoring depths.	套筒楔形锥体设计用于在较浅的锚固深度下提供最大的膨胀。	2
The slightest smile blossomed in the curve of her lips and in her blindingly blue eyes.	她的嘴唇和眼睛都露出了一丝微笑。	0
The small ship was bobbing across the water at a relaxing speed.	这艘小船正以轻松的速度在水面上航行。	2
The Smashing Pumpkins On 22 May 2007, in Le Grand Rex club in Paris, she was unveiled as touring keyboardist and backing vocalist for the reformed Smashing Pumpkins.	2007 年 5 月 22 日，在巴黎的 Le Grand Rex 俱乐部，她被宣布为巡回赛的键盘主义者和改革后的击碎南瓜的支持歌手。	1
The smoke sources are all at least ten miles past that.	这些烟雾源至少已经过了十英里。	0
The snow and ice landscape extends down only a bit beyond the shores in summer.	夏季，雪和冰景仅延伸到海岸以外的地方。	1
The snowboarder had been named as a defendant in the lawsuit, but later was dropped.	这名雪橇手在诉讼中被指定为被告，但后来被放弃了。	1
The so called 'enrichment week' is upon us again, and for me, that only means time to study and catch up with everything that The River has put on hold.	所谓的“致富周”再次出现在我们面前，对我来说，这只是时间研究和赶上河上所有东西。	2
The software package is a suite of tools used to model, analyze and predict the performance of mechatronics systems.	该软件包是一套工具，用于模拟，分析和预测机电系统的性能。	0
The Soil Ecology Section is sponsoring student travel grants to help support attendance at the 2012 ESA Annual Meeting in Portland, Oregon.	土壤生态学科正在赞助学生旅行补助金，以帮助参加 2012 年欧空局在俄勒冈州波特兰举行的年度会议。	0
The soldiers soon encounter a teenage boy walking alone.	士兵们很快就会遇到一个十几岁的男孩独自行走。	1
The sole purpose that unifies this group of diverse people is their shared resolve to move toward a better future.	使这一不同群体团结起来的唯一目的是他们共同决心走向更美好的未来。	1
The solid line is the shear power spectrum for sources at z=1.	实线是 z = 1 时源的剪切功率谱。	1
The solution lies between life and death on this road passing all the things in the broadest sense of the word, we must make a choice.	解决办法是在这条道路上的生命和死亡之间，我们必须作出选择，以最广义的方式传递所有东西。	1
The solution or remedy as I understand it was to merely acquire mortgages and grow the portfolio, which does not necessarily yield any more profitability, but does increase risk to the taxpayers.	据我所知，解决办法或补救办法是仅仅购买抵押贷款和扩大投资组合，这不一定会产生更多的利润，但确实会增加纳税人的风险。	0
The sound created when this pouch is opened has been reduced drastically for blending into silent environments.	打开此软袋时产生的声音已经大幅降低，以便融入安静的环境。	0
The sound of the wind as it brushed past my bare skin.	风的声音从我裸露的皮肤上吹过。	2
The sounds of buzzing bells and murderous voices murmuring and yelling flooded the halls.	嗡嗡的钟声和凶恶的声音在大厅里响起。	0
The South African Navy is offering all fit and adventurous young men and women from all over South Africa an exciting chance of becoming Navy Divers.	南非海军正在为来自南非各地的所有健康和冒险的青年男女提供成为海军潜水员的令人兴奋的机会。	1
The Southern nations, Chile and Argentina have formed a defense pact ala NATO to resist any migration of violence from the North.	南方国家，智利和阿根廷已经制定了一项北约防卫条约，以抵制来自北方的任何暴力移民。	0
The space includes areas for formal and informal work, areas for plenary sessions and small teamwork and dialogue, and areas provided to visually display results of work in progress.	空间包括正式和非正式工作的领域，全体会议和小型团队合作和对话的领域，以及提供以可视方式展示正在进行的工作成果的领域。	2
The Spanish Tax Authorities have been inundated with claims since the ruling of the ECJ.	自欧洲法院作出裁决以来，西班牙税务当局一直在处理索偿要求。	0
The sparkling white diamond and peridot CZs that line the band are placed perfectly so not a single ray of light is wasted.	这条带的闪闪发光的白色钻石和佩里多特克斯被完美地放置，因此不会浪费一束光。	2
The spathes are just as long as well but (you may have guessed already) are pure white.	这种刺状也同样长，但（你可能已经猜到了）是纯白的。	1
The speaker assumes that the hearer has the same sort of vision of the world, in which a child does not own several real cars, but a man could.	这位发言者认为，听声者对世界有着同样的看法，在这种看法中，一个孩子没有几辆真正的汽车，但一个男人可以。	2
The spectrum assignment each station has is some of the most valuable real estate imaginable – look at what spectrum auctions fetch for the government these days.	每个站点的频谱分配是可以想象到的最有价值的房地产—看看频谱拍卖在这几天为政府带来了什么。	1
The spinal cord and vertebral column of the youngsters is elastic and flexible as a result of the age factor as compared to the oldsters.	与老年人相比，由于年龄因素，年轻人的脊髓和椎体具有弹性和弹性。	2
The spontaneous manifestation of Tao demands silence and repose: the evils of the man of earth, the virtues of the man of heaven must cease to exist.	涛的自发表现要求沉默和重组：地球上人类的邪恶，天人的美德必须停止存在。	2
The spread of content of all kinds to new, digital platforms is a fastdeveloping trend in New Zealand and internationally.	各种内容向新的数字平台的传播是新西兰和国际上一个快速发展的趋势。	1
The Squadron Commander submits merit marks to be reviewed by an Area Merit Mark Monitor and then forwarded to the Chief Commander for review and the awarding of the merit marks.	中队指挥官提交绩优分数，由地区功绩分数监测员审查，然后转交给首席指挥官审查和授予绩优分数。	0
The SRA report should argue the case that the hazards and major accidents are comprehensively understood and the safeguards are well selected, appropriately placed and adequate to achieve acceptable levels of risk.	The SRA report should argue the case that the hazards and major accidents are comprehensively understood and the safeguards are well select, appropriately placed and adequate to achieve acceptable levels of risk.	2
The stack of files that her captain wanted done reached past her waist.	她的队长想要完成的一堆文件已经超过了她的腰围。	1
The staff will cater to all your whims, making your trip pleasant and memorable.	酒店员工会满足您的各种需求，让您的旅行愉快而难忘。	0
The STA forbids only the extraction of sand and gravel deposits.	The STA forbids only the extraction of sand gravel deposits.	2
The stage is a piece of wood that has a hole in it to allow light to pass through.	这个舞台是一个木制的一部分，它有一个孔，让光线穿过。	0
The standard contracts are identical except with respect to project development security and performance assurance (operating period security).	标准合同是相同的，但在项目开发安全和业绩保证（经营期安全）方面除外。	0
The Stanford doctors would not clear him for contact as a true freshman until they found medicine and dosages to successfully treat him.	斯坦福大学的医生不会让他作为一个真正的新生去接触，直到他们找到了成功治疗他的药物和剂量。	2
The starcraft stopped over the used cars and hovered there for several moments.	Starcraft 在二手车上停下来，在那里停留了几分钟。	2
The starter in an automobile contains something called a solenoid, also commonly known as a starter relay switch.	汽车中的起动器包含一个称为电磁阀的装置，通常也称为起动器继电器开关。	0
The stated goal of the East Aurora concessions is to reduce tax increases in the community.	东奥罗拉特许权的既定目标是减少社区的税收增加。	0
The stated hypothesis was to evaluate patients with PD longitudinally (across time) to evaluate the potential changes in contrast sensitivity as well as color discrimination.	所述假设是纵向（跨时间）评估患者 PD ，以评估对比度灵敏度和颜色区分的潜在变化。	1
The State Government may consider submission of new p rojects in keeping with the policy initiatives for RIDF -X.	州政府可以考虑根据 RIDF -X 的政策举措提交新的喷射	2
The state is one of the favorite tourist destinations drawing the attention of the world.	该州是吸引世界关注的最受欢迎的旅游目的地之一。	0
The State Mortgage Institution totaled up its results of cooperation with partner banks for 2012.	2012 年，国家抵押贷款机构与伙伴银行的合作成果得到了汇总。	1
The state of the NHS is by far the biggest issue for the general public, as recent opinion polls show.	正如最近的民意调查所显示的那样，国民健康体系的现状是迄今为止公众面临的最大问题。	0
The statesman Kimon planted olive and plane trees there and diverted the river Cephisus to make the dry land fertile.	这位政治家金本在那里种植了橄榄树和木树，并将塞菲索斯河转用于肥沃干地。	1
The station has far deeper pockets than I do.	该站的口袋比我深得多。	2
The statute in Tokushige would have similarly inhibited the spread of the Japanese language, presumably in favor of English.	托克希格的法规也同样阻止了日语的传播，大概是支持英语。	1
The stents will help keep integrity of the ballooning vessel.	支架有助于保持膨胀船的完整性。	0
The steps involved in the processing of grapes into wine vary depending on whether the wine produced is to be white or red.	葡萄加工成葡萄酒的步骤因所生产的葡萄酒是白葡萄酒还是红葡萄酒而异。	1
The stink filled the area surrounding the children like a fog.	臭气弥漫着儿童周围的区域，就像雾一样。	1
The stocking changes on waters believed capable of supporting more and larger muskies are one of several moves to improve muskellunge fishing in the Commonwealth.	据认为能够支持越来越多的贻贝的水域的鱼类变化是英联邦改善贻贝捕捞的几个举措之一。	0
The stories are nice and we liked all the detail on the tractor journey pages.	故事很好，我们喜欢拖拉机旅程页面上的所有细节。	1
The story is about the growth of brothers who try to become an astronaut and go to the moon.	故事是关于那些试图成为宇航员并去月球的兄弟的成长。	1
The story is aimed at younger children with a simple formulaic plot.	这一故事的对象是那些有着简单公式化阴谋的年幼儿童。	2
The story is told using cameras inside the cars and trackside, and from radio bulletins mixed with music from the era.	这一故事是用汽车和赛道内部的摄像机以及与时代音乐混合的广播公告讲述的。	0
The story that I heard emerging from my mouth was both sad and hilarious.	我从嘴里听到的故事既悲伤又滑稽。	1
The Strategic Planning effort enriched staff knowledge of such methods and retained this knowledge in the Department.	战略规划工作丰富了工作人员对这种方法的了解，并将这种知识保留在该部。	1
The strategy outlined above distributes the notion of versioning down into the messages.	上述策略将版本控制的概念向下传播到消息中。	1
The Strawberry Shortcake Dolls Are Still Just As Trendy As They Ever Were Strawberry Shortcake dolls are very popular with kids.	草莓蛋糕小玩偶仍然和以前一样时尚，草莓蛋糕小玩偶也很受孩子们的欢迎。	1
The stream isnt to low and the ocean to loud.	水流不低，海洋也不大。	2
The strength and flexibility of the framework enabled the insurer to launch new products rapidly in the UK but also in other European territories.	该框架的优势和灵活性使保险公司能够在英国以及其他欧洲地区快速推出新产品。	0
The stretching pattern was applied over the entire experimental time.	拉伸模式应用于整个实验时间。	1
The strips tied together into rope, Link pulled out his ocarina as Zelda tied the makeshift rope to the window.	这条绳子绑在一起，拉奇拔出了他的奥卡里纳，塞尔达把临时绳索绑在窗户上。	2
The structure of the system has been revised and improved to meet the new challenges and needs of the people of Ontario.	该系统的结构已经得到修订和改进，以满足安大略人民的新挑战和需要。	0
The Strypes perform a track from their album Snapshot.	字符串从其相册快照执行曲目。	2
The student affairs division sent an email to the 6400 university faculty and students encouraging them to vote early and help the Democratic Party.	学生事务处向 6400 名大学教师和学生发送了一封电子邮件，鼓励他们尽早投票并帮助民主党。	0
The student picks one card from the deck.	学生从甲板上挑选一张卡片。	1
The students complete journal entries and identify situations in their daily lives that enhanced their own mental health and how they demonstrated their ability to manage stressful situations.	学生完成日志条目，并确定日常生活中可增强自身心理健康的情况，以及他们如何展示管理紧张状况的能力。	1
The students learnt how to come across as good actors and they worked on various techniques to improve their acting skills.	学生们学会了如何成为优秀的演员，并运用了各种技巧来提高他们的表演技巧。	1
The students were meant to compete with other local economists for jobs and academic influence.	学生的目的是与其他地方经济学家竞争工作和学术影响力。	2
The study is a statistical analysis of Internal Revenue Service income tax data from its Statistics of Income division.	这项研究是对内部税收事务处收入税数据的统计分析，该数据来自其收入统计司。	0
The study suggests that passive samplers can address important measurement issues in environmental air quality management.	研究表明，被动采样器可以解决环境空气质量管理中的重要测量问题。	0
The stuff any car nut spends a lifetime dreaming about.	任何汽车螺母所花的一生的梦想。	2
The style of the gardens is typical of the nineteenth century Gardenesque style, with areas of different character and in different design styles.	花园的风格是典型的 19 世纪园艺风格，有不同的特色和不同的设计风格。	0
The subtle playing nuances, those little snare drum ghost notes that almost are more felt than heard and the sections where you trade solos with the drummer Forget about it.	… 的细微差别，那些几乎比听到的感觉更深的小蛇鼓幽灵，以及你与鼓手交换索洛斯的那部分，都忘了它。	2
The subway is right in front of the hotel.	地铁就在酒店前面。	0
The successful candidate should possess a Certificate in Electrical Technology from a technical college and be a CET or eligible to become one.	成功的考生应持有技术学院的电气技术证书，并且是 CET 或有资格成为 CET 。	1
The successful candidate will be degree educated in software engineering or computer science with emphasis on web design and application development and knowledge of graphic design principles.	成功的候选人将获得软件工程或计算机科学方面的学位，重点是网络设计和应用开发以及图形设计原则知识。	0
The sudden sound of a thud from inside made George realize that Alicia just threw something at his direction.	来自内部的一个突突声让乔治意识到艾丽西亚只是向他的方向投掷了一些东西。	2
The suitable candidate will be responsible for all engineering work function of the distribution and telecommunication network.	合适的候选人将负责分配和电信网络的所有工程工作。	0
The suit said the incident report detailed the investigation of several people in connection with simple possession of marijuana; however, the Emerald player was not charged with anything in connection with the case.	该诉讼称，事件报告详细说明了对几个人的调查，这些人与单纯拥有大麻有关；但是， Emerald 牌手没有被指控与该案有关的任何事情。	1
The summit of the mountain was nearly in reach, as they only had another hour or so long walk until they were at their destination.	山峰接近，因为他们只有一个小时或很长的路程，直到他们到达目的地。	2
The summit will take place one day before Obama meets Russian President Dmitry Medvedev at the UN General Assembly, reports say.	据报道，此次峰会将在奥巴马在联合国大会上会见俄罗斯总统德米特里 · 梅德韦杰夫的前一天举行。	1
The sun had set in Manhattan Island and the city was still buzzing with noise and lights.	曼哈顿岛上的太阳已经落下，城市仍然充斥着噪音和灯光。	0
The Sun Pokemon flew back and hit the wall, leaving a dent but not shattering it.	太阳小精灵飞返，击中了墙，留下了一个凹痕，但没有粉碎。	1
The Suns won 62 again in 2004, and have been deep into the playoffs multiple times in the past few seasons.	2004 年，太阳队再次赢得 62 次冠军，在过去几个赛季中，太阳队多次进入季后赛。	1
The Superintendent will consider the recommendations of the committees and then present proposals to the Board of Education.	警司将考虑各委员会的建议，然后向教育委员会提出建议。	0
The support and engagement of farmer groups and others are also essential to develop a strong farm forestry culture.	农民团体和其他团体的支持和参与对于发展强有力的农业林业文化也至关重要。	1
The Supreme Court rejected the appeal of the Serb as unacceptable as it was submitted to the director of the prison and not to the secretariat of the Appeals Court, as foreseen by legislation.	最高法院驳回了塞族的上诉，认为这是不可接受的，因为上诉是按照立法规定提交给监狱主任而不是提交给上诉法院秘书处的。	1
The surfactant is as defined in the specification.	表面活性剂在规格中定义。	1
The surrounding historical neighbourhood has many shops and stores which guests can browse.	周围的历史街区有许多商店和商店，客人可以浏览。	2
The survey did not include the impact of scheduled absences or telecommuters.	调查没有包括定期缺勤或远程办公人员的影响。	2
The survey found hiring predictions for Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou were currently at their weakest since the regional analysis began in the first quarter of 2007.	调查发现，自 2007 年第一季度开始区域分析以来，上海，北京和广州的招聘预测目前处于最弱状态。	1
The survey in the Zambezi was conducted over a period of four days in the last week of April 2004 by a team of two.	2004 年 4 月最后一周，一个由两人组成的小组在四天时间内对赞比齐进行了调查。	0
The survey report is in a form that is easy to understand.	调查报告的形式易于理解。	0
The survey was piloted with students at one school before 30 surveys were distributed to each high school in the local government area.	在向地方政府地区的每所高中分发 30 份调查之前，对一所学校的学生进行了试点调查。	0
The suspect in a getaway car was apprehended at the scene, while an accomplice, driving a second stolen vehicle managed to flee.	一辆逃跑车中的嫌疑人在现场被捕，另一名开车第二辆被盗车辆的共犯设法逃走。	1
The suspects used an internet chatroom called Kids the Light of Our Lives to swap photos and videos of children being abused.	疑犯利用一个称为“儿童生命之光”的网络聊天室交换被虐待儿童的照片和视频。	0
The Sweet Potato Whitefly (Bemisia tabaci) is an insect found around the world and probably native to India.	红薯白斑 (Bemisia tabaci) 是一种在世界各地发现的昆虫，可能是印度本土的昆虫。	2
The sweet spot is about six feet from the house, far enough to keep the water from affecting your foundation and basement.	甜蜜的地方离房子大约 6 英尺，足以防止水影响你的地基和地下室。	2
The Swift move of the race went to Pete Bovenberg for working his way up from fifth place to eventually finish second.	比赛的快速动作让皮特 · 博文伯格从第五名上升到最后第二名。	1
The symbols of birds from the start till the end also symbolise freedom and independence that she longed for.	从始至终的鸟类象征也象征着她渴望的自由和独立。	1
The syndicates and the crooked cops and the most powerful gang leaders, the militia and the nationalist party powerbrokers.	辛迪加和被扭曲的帮派以及最强大的帮派领导人，民兵和民族主义政党的权力经纪人。	2
The Synod asks that the Government of the Republic of Macedonia urgently register the Orthodox Archdiocese of Ochrid and grant it legitimacy as a religious community.	议会要求马其顿共和国政府紧急登记奥赫里德东正教大主教管区，并赋予其宗教团体的合法性。	0
The Syrian government ratified the treaty before the end of 1936, but France never did so.	叙利亚政府在 1936 年年底前批准了该条约，但法国从未批准。	0
The system 900 is based on gasification of a water sample and proportional detection of tritium in the gas.	900 系统的基础是水样品气化和气体中氚的比例检测。	1
The system of manual feeding of tax returns' data should be abolished and a new system must be adopted for the input of information through OCRs (Optical character reading).	应废除人工输入报税表数据的制度，并应采用新的系统，通过 OCR 输入信息（光学字符读取）。	1
The system of mixing audios has a decoding device, an audio mixing device and a frame package unit.	混合音响系统具有解码设备，音频混合设备和帧封装装置。	2
The tail end is stored in the supplied line bag which should be mounted outboard and forward of the stopper.	尾端存放在随附的线袋中，该线袋应安装在止动器的外侧和前方。	0
The Tamaranian glared for a moment but melted into a cheeky smile.	塔马拉尼亚人笑了一会儿，但却变成了一个脸色不好的微笑。	1
The tank cleared up in less than a day.	储罐在不到一天的时间内清理完毕。	0
The tap of jump rope and feet hitting the ground in a strange rhythm seemed ominous.	跳绳和双脚在一种奇怪的节奏下击打地面，这似乎是不祥的事。	0
The task of this document is to gauge the impact of the economic crisis on consciousness and politics so that revolutionaries may orientate their forces for maximum effect.	这份文件的任务是评估经济危机对意识和政治的影响，以便革命者能够引导他们的力量发挥最大的作用。	0
The Task Process Continued Student Page Introduction Task Process Evaluation Conclusion Credits [ Teacher Page ] As a Supreme Court Justice you will be residing over one main case.	任务流程继续学生页面介绍任务流程评估结论学分 [ 教师页面 ] 作为最高法院法官，您将居住在一个主要案件上。	2
The taste of her so intoxicating as my tongue dipped past those lips to stroke hers.	我的舌头从嘴唇上翻来冲她的嘴唇，她的味美得令人陶醉。	2
The taxpayer funded subsidies provided to pharmaceutical companies for their mostly useless smoking 'cures' indicate the zealotry underlying the public health message, based as it is on selective quotation or misrepresentation of facts and ignoring any evidence indicating bias.	纳税人资助的对制药公司的补贴大多是无用的吸烟“药方”，表明了公众健康信息背后的狂热，因为它是基于选择性的引述或对事实的歪曲，忽视了任何表明偏见的证据。	1
The TCS touchless cleaning system was used to apply clean water to the floor area using the spray setting.	TCS 无接触式清洁系统用于使用喷洒设置向地板区域喷洒清洁水。	1
The teacher will come once per year from India.	教师将每年从印度来一次。	1
The team loses eight players with junior and sophomore classes small in size.	球队失去了 8 名选手，他们的小班和小班选手。	2
The team watched their tea boy tell the story.	团队观看了他们的茶男孩讲述这一故事。	1
The team will be headed to the National Baseball Hall of Fame to represent Elite!	球队将前往国家棒球名人堂代表精英！	1
The team will not receive a place award, but will be eligible to advance to the next higher level of competition.	该团队将不会获得位置奖励，但将有资格进入下一个更高的竞争级别。	1
The tears that Magnus had seen streaming down his face earlier that day came back again now.	当天早些时候，马格努斯看到他脸上流下的眼泪现在又回到了过去。	2
The Temple Mount was the holiest place in Israel and all over the world.	圣殿山是以色列和全世界最神圣的地方。	2
The temporal bone of mammals represents a fusion of a number of bones which are separate in lower forms.	哺乳动物的颞骨是多种骨骼的融合，这些骨骼以较低的形式分离。	1
The tendency for many Christians is to think that what we give to God in the form of an offering is His, and everything else is ours that we can do whatever we please with our money.	许多基督徒的倾向是认为，我们以奉献的形式向上帝提供的是他的，而其他一切都是我们的——我们可以用我们的钱做我们想要做的事情。	2
The term epicenter means the point at ground level directly above this.	“中心”一词是指直接高于此值的地面上的点。	2
The termination shall be effected by written notification to Employee and shall be effective as of the time set forth in such notice.	终止应以书面通知雇员的方式生效，并应在该通知中规定的时间生效。	0
The term is commonly used in statistics and in particular in experimental research techniques.	这一术语通常用于统计，特别是实验研究技术。	0
The term plebiscite refers to a process in which the results are not binding, in contrast to a referendum in which the results are binding.	公民投票一词指的是一个结果不具约束力的进程，而公民投票的结果却具有约束力。	2
The terraces are also spacious and guarantee great moments.	露台也很宽敞，保证您度过美好的时光。	0
The territorial distribution of woodlands in Latvia is not even.	拉脱维亚林地的领土分布并不均匀。	0
The theater, perhaps because of its association with pagan rites in Antiquity, disappeared from the Middle East in the Islamic Middle Ages and did not reappear until centuries later.	这座剧院也许是因为它与古代的异教徒仪式有联系，在伊斯兰时代从中东消失，直到几个世纪后才重新出现。	1
The theory behind this project is that you never want to distribute your actual serial number list, even if it is encrypted.	这个项目背后的理论是，即使是加密的，您也不想分发实际序列号列表。	2
The theory gave us valuable knowledge, however to be able to apply theory on practice, we saw the necessity to create our own picture and interpretation of it.	这一理论给了我们宝贵的知识，然而，为了能够将理论应用于实践，我们认为有必要创造我们自己的形象和对它的解释。	1
The theory is that ownership will enhance a sense of conservation to preserve future returns, and that a better match is achieved between fishing investment and available fish.	理论是，所有权将增强养护意识，以保护未来的收益，并使渔业投资与现有鱼类更好地匹配。	0
The thickness of the hair being treated plays a major part in the level of success.	接受治疗的头发厚度在成功程度上起着重要作用。	2
The thing about New England is that there is a lot of little bits of history all over the place.	关于新英格兰的事情是，这里到处都有很多历史。	1
The thing I love best about vision (board) is that it stays constant while goals and tactics change.	我最喜欢的是愿景（板），它在目标和策略发生变化时保持不变。	0
The thin profile fits the size of any hand with or without gloves.	薄型设计适合任何带手套或不带手套的手的尺寸。	1
The third day proved to be even more of a challenge for him when they were gathered in the drawing room discussing about an uproar in a nearby human territory.	第三天对他来说更是一个挑战，因为他们聚集在客厅里，讨论附近人类领土上的一个连根拔起的问题。	2
The third party administrators created HRA programs based on Code Section 105 to simplify the administration associated with this type of deduction.	第三方管理员根据第 105 条代码创建了 HRA 计划，以简化与此类扣减相关的管理。	0
The Third Reich which he proclaimed would last a thousand years collapsed in only twelve.	他宣布将持续一千年的第三帝国在仅仅十二年中就崩溃了。	1
The third step would be a state university, the University of Virginia, where students of great ability could get the best education possible.	第三步是一所国立大学，即弗吉尼亚大学，在那里，有能力的学生可以获得最好的教育。	1
The three bells are in phase initially, but get out of step soon.	三个钟最初处于阶段，但很快就会退出。	1
The Three little Pigs a timeless tale for toddlers.	三只小猪是幼儿的永恒故事。	1
The three now stood in silence amongst each other in the hall facing each other.	三人现在在大厅里彼此保持沉默。	0
The three of them were nearly at the forest, and once they reached the woods, they would be completely safe as long as they got away quickly enough.	他们中的三个人几乎都在森林里，一旦他们到达树林里，只要他们足够快地离开，他们就会完全安全。	1
The three Saiyan instantly looked around with sharp eyes.	三名赛扬立即用敏锐的目光四处观察。	2
The time and length of breeding differs among mollusks depending mainly on the geographical locality, the temperature of the water, phases of the moon and the inherent characteristics of the species.	各软体动物的繁殖时间和时间主要取决于地理位置，水温，月球阶段和物种的固有特征。	0
The Time Factor The appraiser must consider the time element.	评估者必须考虑时间要素的时间因素。	2
The time it takes to complete a plan review and issue a building permit will vary depending on specifics of the project.	完成计划审核和颁发建筑许可证所需的时间将因项目的具体情况而异。	1
The times of Doriath were long since past, but he had had little connections to his son for a long time, Thranduil had been lost to the King for longer than he could remember.	多里亚斯的时代已经很久了，但他与儿子的关系很长一段时间，特兰杜尔在国王的记忆中失去了更长的时间。	2
The Times' victory strengthened the notion that it was not only the right of but also a central purpose of the free press to scrutinize government.	时代的胜利强化了这样一种观念，即不仅是新闻自由检查政府的权利，而且也是新闻自由的中心目的。	0
The timing of surgery requires consideration of the etiology and pathophysiology of the aortic regurgitation, because aortic valve replacement carries morbidity and mortality that must be weighed against the potential problems of continued medical management.	手术时间要求考虑主动脉瓣反流的病因和病理生理学，因为主动脉瓣置换会带来发病率和死亡率，必须与持续医疗管理的潜在问题进行权衡。	1
The timing was perfect; Fleur had just come back and sat next to Harry.	时间安排的很完美； Fleur 刚刚回来，坐在哈利旁边。	0
The tingling of his nerves just started to make his legs vibrate.	他的神经的刺痛刚开始使他的双腿振动。	1
The tiny principality is locked in a row with the European Union over taxes and banking secrecy.	小公国在税收和银行保密方面与欧洲联盟连在一起。	1
The toothpaste also did a great job of getting rid of that foul taste that never seemed to leave her mouth.	牙膏也做了很大的工作来消除这种似乎从未离开她嘴的恶臭。	2
The top of a tower, the falling in roofs of buildings, all barely visible above the waterline and through the heavy mist.	塔顶，建筑物屋顶上的落落物，在水线上和大雾中几乎看不到所有的东西。	2
The top right navigation items, which appear on every page, have been modified to include a new link to a page for Visitors and a page for our new Summer Programs.	右上角的导航项目（显示在每一页上）已进行修改，以包括访客页面的新链接和我们新夏季计划的页面。	0
The top scorer for Hamburg was Torsten Jansen with eight goals, while the most successful players of the Croatian champions were Igor Vori and Kiril Lazarov with seven goals each.	汉堡队的最佳射手是托斯坦 · 简森（ Torsten Jansen ），他有八个进球，而克罗地亚冠军最成功的球员是伊戈尔 · 沃里（ Igor Vori ）和基里尔 · 拉扎罗夫（ Kiril Lazarov ），各有七个进球。	0
The total amount of investment of Kharkiv Euro coordinator in training centre is 19 million dollars, 6 million of which will be spent on the second phase of the base.	哈尔科夫欧洲协调员在培训中心的投资总额为 1900 万美元，其中 600 万美元将用于基地的第二阶段。	0
The total energy requirements for each system include the energy for processing, manufacturing, and transporting materials at each stage of the life cycle, as well as the energy content of fuel resources used as raw materials.	每个系统的总能源需求包括生命周期每个阶段的加工，制造和运输材料的能源，以及用作原材料的燃料资源的能源含量。	2
The Tour includes a trackball navigation system located on the top of the QWERTY keypad with finely sculpted keys for fast and precise typing.	本演示包括一个位于 QWERTY 键盘顶部的轨迹球导航系统，该系统带有精细的雕刻键，可快速准确地键入内容。	1
The Town Clerk was informed after the last meeting that Mr. Finch was in fact an existing allotment holder at Days Field moving to Tumbler Hill allotments.	在上次会议后，镇办事员被告知， Finch 先生实际上是 Days Field 调拨到 Tumbler Hill 的现有拨款持有人。	1
The Town Hall will hire the Main Hall and other areas excluding the Lower Foyer during periods when the exhibition is not open.	在展览不开放期间，大会堂将租用主厅和其他区域，但不包括下层大厅。	0
The town op Split can be reached within 60 km. Split Airport is at a distance of 80 km and shuttle service can be organised upon request.	可以在 60 公里内到达斯普利特镇。斯普利特机场距离 80 公里，可根据要求安排穿梭巴士服务。	0
The toy glided in effortlessly and warmed up quickly.	玩具轻松滑入，快速预热。	1
The traditional approach is to use the first few PCs in data analysis since they capture most of the variation in the original data set.	传统方法是在数据分析中使用前几台 PC ，因为它们捕获了原始数据集中的大部分差异。	1
The traditional look Initially, the kilt simply consisted of a long length of cloth gathered in folds around a belt with the excess material thrown over the shoulder.	传统的外观最初，公斤只是由一条长布组成，在传送带周围折叠，多余的材料被扔在肩上。	2
The training concepts and methods are also easily applied to the fitness enthusiast who wants an intense and effective mixed martial arts workout in 98819.	这些训练概念和方法也很容易应用于想要在 98819 年进行一次紧张有效的混合武术训练的健身爱好者。	1
The training is designed to take place at your club or a suitable training venue with access to water and equipment for sailing.	培训旨在在您的俱乐部或合适的培训场所进行，可获得水和航行设备。	1
The training will run from June through December.	培训将从 6 月至 12 月进行。	1
The transfer capacity is determined by the slowest section of the transfer path.	传输容量由传输路径中最慢的部分决定。	0
The transformation frequency should be sufficiently high to generate the numbers of transformants required for meaningful screens.	转换频率应该足够高，以产生有意义的屏幕所需的转换器数量。	2
The translations also reflect different customs across the three regions.	翻译还反映了三个地区的不同习俗。	0
The treaty has been energetically promoted by Germany as a mechanism to oblige eurozone countries to adhere to strict budget rules and to prevent a repeat of the current debt crisis.	德国大力推动该条约，将其作为一种机制，迫使欧元区国家遵守严格的预算规则，防止当前债务危机再次发生。	0
The trial court weighed the credibility of the conflicting evidence and rejected the after the fact testimony that Dr. Pushkin was not qualified for the program apart from his handicap.	审判法庭权衡了相互矛盾的证据的可信度，并驳回了事实证词，即普希金博士除了残疾之外没有资格参加该方案。	0
The trial judge was not obliged to act on the evidence of Mr Simpson, especially when it trespassed into what was reasonable.	审判法官没有义务根据辛普森先生的证据行事，特别是在他侵入合理的证据时。	1
The tribulations of the past year had paid off and an unprecedented period of peace had begun.	过去一年的磨难已经结束，和平时期已经开始，这是前所未有的。	1
The Tribunal is of the view that the RFSO outlined the mandatory criteria in a clear and reasonable manner.	审裁处认为，该处以清晰合理的方式概述了强制性标准。	0
The trick is to find one who you know you can trust.	诀窍是找到一个你知道你可以信任的人。	0
The trick to getting your job interview nerves...	让您的工作面试变得紧张的诀窍 ...	2
The trim design of the diaper enables it to be used with any cover.	锥面的修剪设计使其可以与任何护盖配合使用。	2
The Triumph Design Award is therefore the perfect example of how the students can prepare for an active practice of the profession.	因此， Triumph Design Award 是学生如何为专业的积极实践做好准备的最佳范例。	0
The truck will then go on to the next pickup site.	然后，叉车将继续行驶至下一个取车点。	2
The true prevalence of these crimes is pervasive and not well known.	这些罪行的真正普遍存在是普遍的，也不是众所周知的。	2
The truth about fad diets will be revealed and dieting myths dispelled.	将揭示有关脂肪饮食的真相，并消除令人不安的神话。	2
The TUC said that there are a number of issues affecting a minority of apprenticeships - including low pay and poor training which risk undermining the quality and reputation of apprenticeships.	The tuc said that there are a number of issues affecting a minority of apprenticips - including low pay and poor training - which risk undermining the quality and reputation of apprenticeships.	2
The TUF Finale cannot get here soon enough.	TUF 决赛不能很快到达这里。	2
The tunnel entrance is small but entering is possible.	通道入口很小，但可以进入。	0
The Turkish ship failed to heed warnings from the salvage tugs, which say they were well lit at the time.	土耳其船没有注意到救援拖船的警告，他们说当时这些拖船的照明良好。	0
The turmoil is not going to stop anytime this year, so what should people do to protect themselves?	今年的动荡不会在任何时候停止，所以人们应该做些什么来保护自己？	1
The two basic methods of wetting the biscuits are to dip them in the mixture or to paint the mixture on with a pastry brush.	烘烤饼干的两种基本方法是将饼干浸在混合物中或用糕点刷涂混合物。	2
The two bedroom homes come with two parking spots.	双卧室房设有两个停车位。	2
The two began chatting away as Leonard went to fetch more boxes.	当伦纳德去取更多箱子时，两人开始聊天。	1
The two brothers looked over sharply when they heard laughter coming from the momentarily forgotten pureblood.	两兄弟听到瞬间被遗忘的血中传来的笑声时，他们的眼看着很尖锐。	2
The two guards that escorted them broke off as the group entered the room.	护送他们的两名警卫在小组进入房间时断了。	2
The two idiots covered eachothers mouths and were in a nervous sweat but became releived when their idiot captains had yet to notice the little spy in his hair.	这两个白痴还盖住了另一只嘴，汗流浃背，但当他们的白痴的队长还没有注意到头发上的小间谍时，他们就被释放了。	2
The two men also competed to demonstrate their qualifications as reformers at a time voters are clamoring for change.	在选民要求变革的时候，这两名男子还竞相证明他们是改革者。	0
The two men argued that not only should film production be changed in Latin America, but also the distribution and exhibition sectors needed changing.	这两名男子认为，不仅拉丁美洲的电影制作应该改变，而且发行和展览部门也需要改变。	0
The two men, John Doe I and John Doe II, argued that the law was another form of punishment imposed after they already had completed their punishment.	这两名男子，约翰 · 多伊和约翰 · 多伊二世，认为这项法律是在他们已经完成惩罚之后实施的另一种惩罚形式。	1
The two men made themselves decent and then left the room, Vicky immediately headed into the bathroom, shutting the door behind her.	两名男子使自己变得体面，然后离开房间，维奇立即进入浴室，关闭了她后面的门。	2
The two men were interested in development and purchased much of the coastal property with river outlets north of Tampa Bay and south of Cedar Key.	这两名男子对开发感兴趣，并购买了大部分沿海地产，这些地产位于坦帕湾以北和锡达基以南的河流出口处。	0
The two nations on the stage came to a standstill.	这一阶段的两个国家陷入了僵局。	0
The two patients with stent thrombosis in our study had exceptional circumstances (chest trauma in one and essential thrombocytosis in another) that may have contributed to this complication.	我们研究中存在支架血栓形成的两名患者有特殊情况（其中一人的胸部创伤，另一人的基本血小板减少），可能导致这种并发症。	0
The two reports mention that the realtor, Scott Travers, got his realtors licence despite revealing a criminal record that including possession of cocaine and using violence towards a police officer.	这两份报告提到，房地产经纪人斯科特 · 特拉弗斯获得了房地产经纪人执照，尽管他揭露了一份犯罪记录，其中包括持有可卡因和对一名警官使用暴力。	1
The two thugs that had brought him in grunted in agreement.	这两个使他一致的暴徒。	2
The two young trainers decided to leave Pikachu and Axew behind in order to help Cilan with lunch.	两名年轻的训练员决定离开皮卡丘和萨克瓦，以便帮助西兰吃午饭。	1
The Type 59 proved to be a success in this regard, and so the Chinese engineers started to look for ways to evolve the concept even further.	59 型在这方面证明是成功的，因此中国工程师开始寻找进一步发展这一概念的方法。	2
The typical pharmaceutical research career has ample room for growth.	典型的制药研究事业有着充足的发展空间。	1
The UK has been estimated to have more than 33% of the total European potential offshore wind resource, which is enough to power the country nearly three times over.	据估计，英国拥有欧洲潜在海上风能资源总量的 33% 以上，这足以让英国拥有近三倍的电力。	1
The ultimate travel gadget, this world time clock also has an alarm and a bright torch.	终极旅行工具，这个世界时钟也有一个闹钟和一个明亮的火炬。	2
The undergraduate program is six years and one year of work experience in government hospitals.	本科生计划是在公立医院工作六年零一年的经验。	2
The undersized hybrid grades of early flowering are better for turning out.	早期开花的小体积混合等级更适合于退火。	2
The Union will also seek to guarantee an optimal regulatory framework as well as access to international markets.	欧盟还将努力保证一个最佳的监管框架以及进入国际市场的机会。	2
The United Colonies would be the Free and Independent States.	美国的殖民地将是自由和独立的国家。	2
The United Nations declared the monument a World Heritage Site in 1984.	联合国于 1984 年宣布该纪念碑为世界遗产。	0
The United Nations General Assembly has also issued numerous resolutions calling for international protection for Palestinian refugees and for the cessation of attacks on Palestinian refugee camps.	联合国大会还发布了许多决议，呼吁对巴勒斯坦难民提供国际保护，停止对巴勒斯坦难民营的袭击。	0
The United States has already slipped into a deep recession that could be the most serious since World War II, said Martin Feldstein, president of the Cambridge group that is considered the official word on economic cycles.	被认为是经济周期官方用语的剑桥集团总裁马丁 · 费尔德斯坦表示，美国已经陷入了一场可能是二战以来最严重的严重衰退。	2
The United States Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is leased from Cuba and only mutual agreement or United States abandonment of the area can terminate the lease.	位于关塔那摩湾的美国海军基地是从古巴租赁的，只有双方同意或美国放弃该地区，才能终止租约。	0
The United States of America has been the paramount leader, and we do not want to give that up to the rest of the world.	美利坚合众国一直是最重要的领导人，我们不想把这一点交给世界其他国家。	2
The United States says it needs the missile defense shield in Europe to protect against potential threat of Iran.	美国说，它需要欧洲的导弹防御盾牌来抵御伊朗的潜在威胁。	0
The universe is not only turning out to be much lumpier than expected, but it possesses an astonishing regularity.	宇宙不仅比预期的要大得多，而且具有惊人的规律性。	0
The University now runs not only day classes but also afternoon, external and evening classes.	现在，该大学不仅开办日班，而且开办下午，外部和晚间课程。	1
The University was then the chief seat of scholastic learning, but already coming under the influence of humanism.	当时，大学是学校学习的主要所在地，但已经受到了人文主义的影响。	1
The unsung hero of the Office suite of products has virtually unlimited uses, among them the ability to manage your time.	Office 产品套件的无名英雄几乎拥有无限的用途，其中包括管理时间的能力。	0
The Urbana Police Department utilized the University of Illinois Police Training Institute and other organizations as training resources.	厄尔巴纳警察局利用伊利诺伊大学警察培训学院和其他组织作为培训资源。	0
The UR defense stood tall all night, limiting the Eagles to only one shot on goal during the entire game.	在整个比赛中，南美的防守一直保持着高水平，只能在一球上击出一球。	1
The urethra connects to the end of the penis in a male and connects to an area above the vagina in a female.	尿道连接到阴茎末端的男性，连接到阴道上方的女性区域。	1
The use of colors is really effective - a good lesson to learn.	颜色的使用非常有效——这是一个很好的学习课。	1
The user can then listen to them again either individually or as a playlist.	然后，用户可以单独或作为播放列表再次收听。	0
The user test and heuristic evaluation find different problems.	用户测试和启发式评估发现了不同的问题。	0
The US Marshals Service and the Immigration and Naturalisation Service also started outsourcing small facilities from the early 1980s.	美国元帅局和移民归化局也从 1980 年代初开始外包小型设施。	1
The usual look of your nails can bring boredom to you and this can really affect you.	通常的指甲外观会给您带来无聊，这会真正影响您。	2
The valley is around 80km long, extending from Mandi in the south to the Rohtang Pass in the north.	山谷长约 80 公里，从南部的 Mandi 到北部的 Rohtang Pass 。	1
The value of scientists regulating other scientists is highly questionable.	科学家监管其他科学家的价值值得高度怀疑。	1
The values are based on normal travel, so lower or higher odometer readings will be reflected as higher or lower remaining vehicle values, respectively.	这些值基于正常行程，因此里程表读数较低或较高将分别反映为较高或较低的剩余车辆值。	0
The variation in educational access across provinces suggests that the setting of national targets is of limited usefulness.	各省受教育机会的差异表明，制定国家目标的作用有限。	0
The variety in colours and shades allows you to pick and choose your colour schemes too.	颜色和色调的多样性也允许您选择和选择配色方案。	1
The various heterocyclic groups may further have substituents.	不同的非周期性群体可能还会有替代物。	0
The Vascular videos featured above are produced and owned by Healthology and are subject to their disclaimer and privacy policy.	上述血管视频由 Healthology 制作并拥有，并受其免责声明和隐私政策的约束。	0
The vast Gulf of Mexico weaves its watery spell upon seafarers and landlubbers alike.	墨西哥的巨大海湾，向海员和地主等人流下了水般的魔咒。	2
The Vayu Purana now gives an account which is, in certain respects, contradictory to the earlier account.	The Vayu Purana now gives an account which is in certain respects, contradictory to the earlier account.	2
The VDW's characteristics and output impedance have been balanced so well that there is no need for subsequent corner balancing in a multiple load cell unit.	VDW 的特性和输出阻抗得到了很好的平衡，因此无需在多负载单元中进行后续角平衡。	0
The venture is nicely designed and spacious enough inside - for the people with smaller heads, it has a really easy and useful adjustable knob at the back.	这家企业设计精美，内部空间宽敞——对于头部较小的人来说，它的后部有一个非常简单和有用的可调节旋钮。	2
The version you see here actually was closest to the Bender.	你在这里看到的版本实际上是最接近本德的版本。	1
The very definition of the term indigenous people is problematic, since in many places groups may migrate and identify themselves in different ways.	土著人民一词的定义本身是有问题的，因为在许多地方，群体可能以不同的方式移徙和自我认同。	0
The vibrations are located mostly in the tip of this toy, so you can have pin point stimulation.	振动主要位于该玩具的尖端，因此您可以进行针点刺激。	2
The victim of their chase suddenly ended his tracks.	他们追击的受害者突然结束了他的轨道。	2
The video is misleading if the context does not make this message clear.	如果上下文不明确此信息，则视频会产生误导。	0
The Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra really did a wonderful job performing these pieces.	维也纳爱乐乐团在演奏这些作品时表现得非常出色。	0
The viewing area sits behind a glass window and features a quartz controlled clock with hour, and minute hands shown in Roman Numeral print.	观察区位于玻璃窗口后面，有一个石英控制的时钟，带有小时和分钟手，以罗马数字印刷。	1
The view of kiss as an expression of tenderness is quite ancient.	亲吻是一种温柔的表达方式，这种观点是相当古老的。	1
The views expressed in this paper do not necessarily represent the views of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, the Federal Reserve System or the World Bank.	本文中表达的观点不一定代表芝加哥联邦储备银行，联邦储备系统或世界银行的观点。	0
The views expressed on this Web Site are not necessarily those of Company or any of our affiliates.	本网站上表达的观点不一定是公司或我们的任何附属公司的观点。	1
The views of Lake Thun and the Alps from the meeting rooms' panorama windows are incomparable.	从会议室的全景窗户可以看到图恩湖和阿尔卑斯山的景色，无与伦比。	1
The village is surrounded by mountains and the Bavarian Forest has a very reliable snow -.	村庄被群山环绕，巴伐利亚森林有一个非常可靠的雪。	2
The villagers hurried off in a great cacophony of speaking.	村民们大声说出来。	0
The village she lived in really was out in the middle of nowhere.	她所居住的村庄实际上是在一个偏僻的地方。	0
The vines are planted on the upper slopes of the left bank of the Vienne river in chalky clay soil with a subsoil of limestone.	葡萄树种植在维安河左岸的上坡上，形成了一个石灰岩底土，形成了粉状粘土。	2
The violation must be corrected within a specified timeframe and a hearing may be requested.	必须在规定的时限内纠正违规行为，并可要求进行听证。	0
The violence in The Passion is not intended to entertain.	激情中的暴力并不是为了娱乐。	0
The visible effort Kushina put up against forming a smirk was more than enough of a hint that Naruto needed to dissect this conversation down to the basic categories.	库希纳在反对形成一个铁木的过程中所做的明显努力，足以暗示纳鲁托需要将这一对话分解为基本类别。	2
The vision of eternal life set forth in the Scriptures has sustained many a Christian in overcoming sin and in facing persecution or death.	《圣经》中提出的永生的愿景使许多基督徒在战胜罪恶和面对迫害或死亡方面得以维持。	1
The vision was created and directed by Al Cooper, CDS's president and chief executive of?cer for the past eleven years.	这一愿景是由过去 11 年中 CDS 总裁兼首席执行官 Al Cooper 制定和指导的。	1
The visits of mediators from different countries constituted the precursor of this initiative, which is expected to take place in the summer.	来自不同国家的调解人的访问是这一倡议的前奏，预计这一倡议将在夏季举行。	1
The vocals for that scene would have to have been recorded separately and added into the scene.	该场景的人声必须单独记录并添加到场景中。	1
The vogue is located on an outstanding pitch surrounded by shrubs and trees with far reaching westerly views over Morcambe Bay.	这座大树坐落在一个很棒的球场上，周围是灌木和树木，可以远观摩卡蒙贝湾的西线景色。	0
The volunteer informed us he was a mix of German Sheppard and Labrador.	这位志愿者告诉我们，他是德国谢帕德和拉布拉多的混合体。	0
The waiter asked what they would like to have for desert.	服务员问他们想吃什么甜点。	0
The wall may be made of polyethylene or polypropylene.	墙面可以由聚乙烯或聚丙烯制成。	0
The wallpaper for this theme is a picture of a creek running through the woods, surrounded by green trees on either bank.	这一主题的墙纸是一幅画，画中的小溪穿过树林，两边都是绿色树木。	1
The warm and helpful staff will work diligently to make this hotel your favorite place to stay.	热情周到的员工将会努力工作，使这家酒店成为您最喜欢的住宿之地。	0
The warm light from the farmhouse windows soon came into view and with a final leap, they stumbled onto the covered porch, sopping wet and panting from exhaustion.	农舍窗户的温暖光线很快就会进来，最后一个跃进，他们偶然发现了有顶棚的门廊，湿透了水，从疲惫中惊慌了。	2
The warning is only advocating exercising intelligent judgment in other words.	这种警告只是鼓吹明智的判断，换言之。	1
The water takes the necessary and the sentimental, with no regard as to how much we need or care for those possessions.	水需要必要和感情，而不考虑我们需要或关心这些财产的程度。	2
The water was boiling and dinner going at a good pace.	水是沸腾的，晚餐的节奏也很好。	2
The Wayback Times also invites readers to share their varied antiques and collectibles memories.	《回航时报》还邀请读者分享他们的各种古董和收藏品的回忆。	0
The way her daughter was conceived was not what Sethe wanted.	她女儿的构思方式不是 Sethe 想要的。	1
The way he would give her all his attention as she entered a room, had always made her feel special and now, she found it made her insides warm up in response.	当她进入房间时，他会给予她所有的关注，这种方式总是让她感到特别，现在，她发现这种方式使她的内部感到温暖。	2
The way of a bodhisattva begins with arousing the thought of enlightenment and taking the bodhisattva vow.	菩提提提提提提提的道路始于唤起启蒙思想，并获得了菩提提提提提提提提。	2
The way that this world is organized would have to change if the US were to abandon its reliance on military action.	如果美国放弃对军事行动的依赖，这个世界的组织方式就必须改变。	0
The way you describe his gaze made me think vividly of him at the cabin, after he tried to kill Okina.	你描述他的目光的方式让我在他试图杀死奥基纳后，在机舱里生动地思考他。	2
The Weasley family had stopped talking to watch the scene curiously.	韦斯利的家人已经停止谈话，以奇怪的方式观看了现场。	2
The weather is warm, the water is not really that cold, but it feels like needles hitting me in the morning when all I want is hot water to bring me back to life.	天气很温暖，水也不是很冷，但我想的是热水，让我恢复生活，早上就像打针一样。	2
The web is culturally a old free acrobat reader of all of the particular admissions.	网站在文化上是所有特定收治的免费 Acrobat 的老读者。	2
The web server hosts the images locally, and the directory is exported via NFS to our application servers for their use (which is mostly just writing new files).	Web 服务器在本地托管映像，并且目录通过 NFS 导出到我们的应用程序服务器以供其使用（这通常只是编写新文件）。	0
The wedding I went to was horrible, and I hated to run to the car and pump a million times, but I had fun in the end and only called home twice.	我去参加的婚礼太可怕了，我讨厌跑车和泵上 100 万次，但最后我玩得很开心，只打了两次电话回家。	2
The wedding singer below totally got the crowd pumped - hes so good he got a contract in Las Vegas!	下面的婚礼歌手完全吸引了人群——他太好了，在拉斯维加斯订了一份合同！	2
The Wensleydale Railway is an example of a commercial line run partly as a heritage operation and partly (at least in intent, if not in reality) to provide local transportation.	Wensleydale 铁路就是一条商业线路的例子，它部分地作为一个传统运营，部分地（至少是为了，如果不是在现实中）提供当地交通。	2
The whole chapter was just marvelous and I'm so anxious to see what happens at that party!	整个章节都很精彩，我很想看看那个派对发生了什么！	1
The whole episode had not lasted more than two minutes.	整个事件持续时间不超过两分钟。	0
The whole magic battle was over and done with, and Uncle Vernon was happy to be returning to Privet Drive at last.	整个魔法之战已经结束并完成，弗农叔叔终于高兴地回到了 Privet Drive 。	1
The whole movie is done in a small village, with almost all the interior scenes in one room in a small country hut, yet you think you have taken...	整个电影都是在一个小村庄里完成的，几乎所有的内部场景都在一个小乡村小屋的一个房间里，但你认为你已经拍摄了 ...	1
The whole of the night sky is presented photographically as it appears to the naked eye.	整个夜空像肉眼所看到的那样以照片形式呈现。	2
The whole of the student body stares at the outcast boy as he walks by.	整个学生的身体都盯着那个被抛弃的男孩，他走过的时候。	2
The whole point of the noise canceling headphones is that you are using them in a noisy environment where sound quality will be poor in the first place.	降噪耳机的全部要点是，您在噪音环境中使用耳机，而噪音环境中的音质将会很差。	2
The whole process will be auto which is extremely safeguarded.	整个过程将是自动的，这是极受保护的。	1
The whole resource is systematized in card and electronic catalogues which are constantly renewing.	整个资源在不断更新的卡片和电子目录中系统化。	0
The whole room had solid wood flooring; it had the look of oak.	整个房间都有实木地板，有橡木的外观。	2
The whole system covers two states and is managed from a remote operations center.	整个系统涵盖两个州，由远程操作中心管理。	0
The whole tribe smiled upon the pair when they appeared at the ball together.	当他们一起出现在球上时，整个部落都笑了起来。	1
The whole world was against his liason with Camilla.	全世界都反对他对卡米拉的攻击。	0
The wick pins will fit the seamless large and small round moulds.	这些芯针将适合无缝的大型和小型圆形模具。	1
The wide sleeves of his loose linen shirt flapping in the sudden breeze, he turned on his heel and took off at a run towards the town.	他那松散的亚麻衬衫的宽袖在突然的微风中摆着，他翻了脚跟，向镇上跑了一场。	2
The wildlife area is open from dawn to dusk seven days a week.	野生动物区每周七天从黎明到黄昏开放。	1
The will concerned with of fishing commercial from the you throughout professional is embark of charleston offshore fishing charters a travel what or.	在专业人士中，您所关心的钓鱼商业意愿是开始查尔斯顿岸外钓鱼包租旅行或旅行。	1
The wind gushes through our hair, whipping it in a frenzied dance around our faces.	风吹过我们的头发，在我们的脸上疯狂地跳着。	2
The winds caressed the young girl, gently pushing the grasses to tickle her skin as she stared up at the slowly darkening sky, pondering the cosmos above.	风吹着小女孩，轻轻地推着草草，在她凝视着慢慢变黑的天空，思考着上面的宇宙时，她的皮肤会发痒。	2
The wines have good colour, mouth sweetness, and the already classic complex notes of black and ripe red fruits as well as spices.	葡萄酒的颜色很好，口感很好，已经是传统的复杂的黑和成熟的红水果以及香料。	2
The wine was stored in casks that typically had a capacity of fifteen barrels.	这种葡萄酒储存在通常容量为 15 桶的桶中。	2
The winners in the competitive selling arena of our difficult economy are those who are the low risk providers, not the low price people.	在我们困难经济的竞争销售领域中，赢家是低风险提供者，而不是低价格者。	0
The winner usually uses a huge amount of leverage that potentially runs the risk of blowing their account if the market moves against them.	获胜者通常使用大量杠杆，如果市场对他们不利，则可能会面临客户被吹走的风险。	2
The witness could not recall that but said that they snipe towards each other generally.	证人不记得这一点，但说他们一般地互相咬。	2
The wolf quickly jumped on top the bookcase and then leaped onto the wall that lies adjacent to where the prince was standing.	狼很快就跳到了书柜上面，然后跳到了王子站的旁边的墙上。	2
The woman he thought he knew was not the woman she made herself out be in the last moments of her life.	他认为自己认识的那个女人不是她一生中最后一个时刻的女人。	2
The woman knew that Serafall was very reluctant to call her by her name, so she made it a habit to get her to say that by any means necessary.	这位女士知道 Serafall 非常不愿意用她的名字称呼她，因此她习惯让她用任何必要的方式说出她的名字。	2
The woman told police Poskanzer had exposed himself, and was masturbating in front of the girl.	这名妇女告诉警察 Poskanzer 已经暴露了自己的身体，并在女孩面前进行了自慰。	2
The woman was not used to appreciation or gratitude for good deeds.	这位妇女不习惯欣赏或感谢好的行为。	1
The word originally meant a village covered by walls.	这个词最初是指一个被墙覆盖的村庄。	1
The words Athrun spoke stuck with Kira over the years and they did meet again, though on the opposite sides of a war.	多年来，阿斯鲁特一直在与基拉交谈，他们确实再次见面，尽管是在战争的另一边。	2
The word Science is of Latin meaning Knowledge.	“科学”一词是拉丁语含义的“知识”。	1
The words flowed from my mouth as if a dam had been broken.	这些话从我口中流出来，仿佛一座水坝被打破了。	2
The words of Belboz were slowing sinking in, having their intended effect.	Belboz 的话正在慢慢沉下去，产生了预期的效果。	1
The words were on the tip of her tongue, itching to spill out all over Mia like a scalding liquid.	这句话在她的舌头上，像一种鳞状液体一样，在米亚到处蔓延。	2
The workers all wear special uniforms that are very complicated and very hot.	这些工人都穿着特别的制服，非常复杂，而且很热。	1
The workers are down to earth and friendly.	工人脚踏实地，友好。	1
The workforce of tomorrow will be comprised of free agents who rove from job to job.	明天的员工队伍将由自由业务代表组成，他们将从工作到工作。	2
The work of the Nautilus Group revolves around estate conservation and business succession.	鹦鹉螺集团的工作围绕着遗产保护和商业继承。	0
The world drug problems: A status report The spread of drug abuse may be losing momentum As a whole, drug abuse continues to spread at the global level, but the trend may be loosing momentum.	世界毒品问题：一份状况报告药物滥用的蔓延可能正在失去势头… 总的来说，药物滥用继续在全球一级蔓延，但趋势可能正在失去势头。	0
The world inside the dragon box is a game featuring a routine fantasy landscape, which is being threatened by the evil Khalanna.	龙盒内的世界是一场具有例行幻想景观的游戏，它正受到邪恶的哈兰纳的威胁。	1
The world is not out of the woods and debt levels are still massive, with US loan defaults teetering on the back of sustained unemployment.	世界并非处于困境之中，债务水平仍然巨大，美国的贷款违约在持续失业的背景下开始萌芽。	1
The world was not taken captive as she had intended.	世界并没有像她所想的那样被俘。	2
The world went a little fuzzy and I was knocked senseless for a moment.	世界有点模糊，我被一段时间的愚蠢所震惊。	2
The worst thing that could possibly happen was someone finding out… he would be tortured for the rest of his life.	最糟糕的事情可能发生在有人发现… 他将在余生中遭受酷刑。	0
The wounded rapidash struggled to its feet, refusing to break its furious eye contact with the hellhound before him.	The wounded rapidash struggled to its feet, refusing to break its furious eye contact with the hellhound before him.	2
The writer must collect his thoughts properly and present it in the form of an outline.	作者必须正确地收集自己的想法并以大纲的形式提出。	1
The writer went so far as to claim that I had never been physically or verbally abused.	这位作家甚至声称我从未受到过身体或言语上的虐待。	0
The writing was head and shoulders above anything else we had pulled off the shelf and we knew instantly that is was what we wanted to do.	这篇文章的头和肩膀都高于我们从货架上拉出的任何其他东西，我们立刻就知道这是我们想要做的事情。	2
The XML export contains all of the text and configuration settings you made on your lens.	XML 导出包含您在镜头上所做的所有文本和配置设置。	0
They all found good homes and now Winky stays with us.	他们都找到了好房子，现在 Winky 和我们在一起。	1
They all know each other and the teacher.	他们都互相认识，也认识老师。	0
They all sat quietly in the company of friends for the rst of the night.	他们都在朋友的陪伴下静静地坐着度过了夜晚的夜晚。	2
They all seemed to have grown in confidence and stature.	他们似乎都在信心和地位上有所增强。	0
They almost lost him three times in under four years.	他们在四年内几乎三次失去他。	1
They also begged to undo all their bad works, but there was no more chance.	他们还请求撤销所有的坏工作，但没有更多的机会。	2
They also forced me into a squatting position for prolonged periods of time and only allowed me a few hours of sleep a day.	They also forced me into a squatting position for prolonged periods of time and only allowed me a few hours of sleep a day.	2
They also have tons of other cute stuff.	他们还有很多其他可爱的东西。	1
They also mention our meetup group in the article!	他们还在文章中提到我们的聚会小组！	0
They also need to compile glossaries of these terms, together with the Tibetan and Sanskrit, plus their definitions.	他们还需要汇编这些术语的词汇表，以及藏文和梵文及其定义。	0
They also point out that there can be a large amount of energy required and pollution emitted in transporting the coal to the power plants.	他们还指出，将煤炭运到发电厂可能需要大量的能源和污染。	2
They also proceeded to win the Eastern League championship.	他们还获得了东部联赛冠军。	0
They also record the various pastoral production practices and strategies that have been historically adopted by nomads in these countries who usually own a mix of different species of animals.	它们还记录了这些国家游牧民历来采用的各种畜牧生产做法和战略，这些游牧民通常拥有不同种类的动物。	1
They also save energy by converting kinetic energy during braking into power and by shutting down the engine when the car is stationary.	它们还可以通过在制动过程中将动能转换为功率以及在汽车静止时关闭发动机来节省能量。	1
They also shared a remarkable degree of courage, patience and perseverance, even against the most horrendous odds.	他们也有着非凡的勇气，耐心和毅力，即使面对最可怕的困难也是如此。	0
They also shouted that they were the police to stop bystanders from helping Myrna.	They also shouted that they were the police to stop bystanders from helping Myrna.	2
They also transport clients to other locations throughout Erie County.	他们还将客户运送到伊利县的其他地方。	0
They also wore caps armoured with curved metal plates designed to deflect shot.	他们还戴着装甲车帽，带有弯曲的金属板，设计用于放气。	2
They also work with resident and family councils.	他们还与居民委员会和家庭委员会合作。	0
They always say that you have to check for clear eyes when you buy fish to see how fresh they are.	他们总是说你买鱼时必须检查清楚的眼睛看鱼有多新鲜。	2
They are a company who actually specializes in providing the service of custom painting new Apple Mac laptops into shiny new Pink Apple Mac Laptops.	他们是一家专门提供定制服务的公司，将新的 Apple Mac 笔记本电脑绘制成闪亮的全新粉红 Apple Mac 笔记本电脑。	1
They are a good team who got hot at the right time.	他们是一支在正确的时间发热的优秀团队。	0
They are all in very good condition and were delivered very quickly.	它们的状况都很好，交付速度很快。	1
They are all set against the backdrop of Cross Academy and despite the vampiric characters, the book is as much, if not more, a drama than a horror tale.	这些都是以十字学院为背景的，尽管有许多令人厌恶的人物，但这本书即使不是更多，也是一部戏剧，而不是一个恐怖故事。	2
They are all so knowledgeable and very helpful.	他们都是如此的博学和乐于助人。	0
They are already working on features and fixes for the next release, and the release after that.	他们已经在为下一个版本以及之后的版本开发功能和修复程序。	0
They are banned because they could be used as weapons by terrorists.	这些武器被禁止，因为它们可能被恐怖分子用作武器。	1
They are both wonderful and very special to me.	它们对我来说都很棒，也很特别。	0
They are central to a wide range of devices from biodiagnostics and controlled release of drug molecules to fibre treatments and organic electronics.	它们是从生物诊断和药物分子受控释放到纤维处理和有机电子等各种设备的核心。	0
They are competitively given and funded by someone or something.	他们是有竞争力的人或某种东西提供和资助的。	2
They are forwarded as part of a quarterly report to the Director of Mental Health Services, the Manager of TEMHS and the Acting Director of Psychiatry.	这些报告作为季度报告的一部分提交给精神卫生服务主任， TEMHS 经理和代理精神病学主任。	0
They are gently invited to join the Christian celebration at this place, which is a challenge today and tomorrow.	他们被温和地邀请参加这个地方的基督教庆典，这是今天和明天的挑战。	1
They are getting closer and perhaps progressing far better than rumours would have you believe.	他们越来越接近，也许进展远比你相信的谣言要好得多。	0
They are going to get the rest they need, and do they need it!	他们将获得所需的其余部分，并满足他们的需求！	1
They are good friends with the CU guys and have been supporting their outreach events.	他们是 CU 人员的好朋友，一直支持他们的外联活动。	2
They are grasping at straws trying to justify their lack of awareness.	他们正在抓住拉爪，试图为他们缺乏意识辩护。	2
They are hissing and challenging each other by charging.	他们在互相嘶嘶嘶声和挑战，通过充电。	2
They are hoping that the business will be their ticket out of Dodge in a few years.	他们希望在几年后，这家公司将从道奇退出。	2
They are ideal for a government that wishes to appear democratic but retain control in reality.	它们是希望看起来民主但在现实中保持控制的政府的理想选择。	2
They are instantly frozen on the boat while they are alive, which makes it possible to preserve and process them while they are fresh.	它们在活的时候立即被冷冻在船上，这样就可以在新鲜的时候保存和处理它们。	0
They are internal and the atavism platinum will flip if kong is being composed by release cuts. milwaukee brewers ring tone.	这些都是内部的，如果香港被释放， atavism 白金将会翻倒。密尔沃基酿酒人会发出口音。	1
They are in the same category with all who are circumcised, who do not and cannot fully observe the law.	他们与所有受割礼的人属于同一类别，他们没有也不能充分遵守法律。	1
They are likely to experience delays in obtaining access to food rations and health services.	他们很可能在获得口粮和保健服务方面遇到拖延。	0
They are much less common in the central regions of the ocean and in the southern hemisphere.	在海洋的中部地区和南半球，这种情况的普遍程度要低得多。	0
They are not hard to raise because they can look after themselves if they can find enough food.	他们不难提高，因为如果能找到足够的食物，他们可以照顾自己。	2
They are not quite so badly off for ammunition as the agents fear, since the Hunters are accustomed to making their own bullets.	他们不像特工人员所担心的那样，对弹药的影响不大，因为猎人习惯于制造自己的子弹。	0
They are not the leaders of the Roman Army.	他们不是罗马军队的领导人。	0
They are now reviewing material with producer Greg Fidelman to get ready and enter the studio with.	他们现在正在与制片人格雷格 · 费德曼一起审查材料，准备好进入工作室。	1
They are of special value to the whole nation because of their great beauty, their wildlife and cultural interests and the opportunities they offer for quiet enjoyment.	它们对整个国家具有特殊价值，因为它们的美丽，野生动物和文化利益，以及它们提供的安静享受的机会。	1
They are renting to anyone who can afford the rent with little to no...	他们租给任何能负担得起租金的人。	0
They are so wonderful to read about, and I would like to know how the wedding turns out and when the first baby will be due!	他们是如此精彩的阅读，我想知道婚礼是如何发生的，第一个孩子何时到期！	2
They are STAINED not painted, which is the first thing I look for with wooden toys.	它们是染色的，不是喷漆的，这是我第一次寻找木制玩具。	1
They are the only way younger Vampire can rise in power.	他们是年轻吸血鬼能够崛起的唯一途径。	1
They are toasty right now in a stock tank!	他们现在在一个储罐里烤面包了！	1
They argued that India would become a colony again, agriculture would be laid barren and industry wiped out.	他们认为，印度将再次成为殖民地，农业将变得空洞，工业将被消灭。	1
They arrested her boyfriend and he is sitting in BCSO Jail.	They arrested her boyfriend and he is sitting in BCSO Jail.	2
They asked Brother Merkling to again use his priesthood authority to bless their family, this time as a temple sealer.	他们要求梅尔茨林兄弟再次利用他的祭司权来祝福他们的家人，这一次是作为寺庙的密封剂。	2
They both came again and were unaware of anything around them.	他们又来了，也不知道他们周围有什么东西。	0
They both deal with the changes to the checker pattern as introduced by omnidirectional camera distortions, while at the same time preserving the detection rate of the original implementation for regular images.	它们都处理了全向摄像机失真所带来的检查器模式的变化，同时保留了常规图像原始实施的检测率。	1
They brushed their teeth and merrily joined me in the kitchen for their scrambled eggs and orange juice.	他们刷牙，并与我一起在厨房里吃炒蛋和橙汁。	2
They called for all of the stylists in the Capitol and told them of a chance in a lifetime.	他们呼吁国会所有的时尚人士，并告诉他们一生中的一次机会。	2
They call him Major in those situations and he never flinches because then and there, that is what he is.	他们称他在这种情况下很重要，他从来不会因为当时和那里的情况而退缩，这就是他的情况。	2
They came home because they found out Bella died.	他们回家是因为他们发现贝拉死了。	0
They came off easily and what I call normally after three days.	三天后，他们很容易就会离开，我通常会说的是什么。	2
They can also eliminate other players by using paint grenades and paintball mines.	他们还可以使用油漆手榴弹和彩弹地雷消灭其他球员。	1
They can also form accountability partners that will help them to become accountable with the decisions for change that they have made and any hindrances to pursuing or achieving such.	他们还可以组成问责伙伴，帮助他们对他们所做的变革决策以及实现变革的任何障碍承担责任。	0
They can embrace some foreign influences and resist others.	他们可以接受一些外国影响并抵制其他人。	2
They can even have very dissimilar results on brothers in the very same family unit.	他们甚至可以对同一个家庭的兄弟产生非常不同的结果。	0
They can help each other with homework and do activities together.	他们可以互相帮助做功课，一起做活动。	0
They can never take your planetness away in my mind.	他们永远不能把你的天象忘在我的脑海里。	2
They can show a little, but many of the people may list their tech knowledge as high and not know what they are actually talking about.	他们可以展示一些，但许多人可能会将他们的技术知识列为高水平，并且不知道他们实际上在谈论什么。	0
They can thereby sell under better conditions in the Spanish market.	因此，他们可以在西班牙市场上以更好的条件进行销售。	0
They can wreck havoc on your housebreaking schedule.	他们可能会破坏你的家庭破坏日程。	2
They claim that being well placed to deal with future growth is the key to successful business in the future.	他们声称，具备应对未来增长的良好条件是未来成功业务的关键。	0
They conclude with a consideration of the future of enrollment management.	最后，他们考虑到了入学管理的未来。	0
They continued for awhile in silence until they could make out the village through the trees.	他们沉默了一段时间，直到他们能够通过树木把村庄开出来。	2
They continued to walk in silence for the rest of the way up the stairs.	他们继续默默地走上楼梯。	0
They corrected that by upgrading us to a king and even though the room had a nonsmoking room sign the room smelled of cigarettes.	他们纠正了这一点，把我们升级成了一张大床，即使房间里有一个无烟房间标志，房间里还是有烟味。	2
They could give actual answers to questions, which our priests and parish ministry are often averse to doing.	他们可以对问题作出实际的回答，而我们的牧师和教区部往往不愿意这样做。	1
They could vanish in an hour or minutes.	它们可能在一小时或几分钟内消失。	0
They danced for a bit until the drums changed its rhythm.	他们跳了一会儿，直到鼓的节奏改变。	1
They describe accurately the effect of the surface on the movement and speed of an object.	它们准确描述了表面对物体运动和速度的影响。	0
They DESERVE to have that giant flat screen tv.	他们应该拥有那个巨大的平板电视。	0
They did not have it at the Strand today.	他们今天在斯特兰德没有这种情况。	2
They did not sell the game and tell us what is new with the game.	他们没有出售游戏，告诉我们游戏的新内容。	1
They did say that in order to withdraw the money to your bank you would have to link your bank account.	他们确实说，为了将钱提取到您的银行，您必须将您的银行账户关联起来。	1
They discover Daisuke trapped within the same building.	他们发现 Daisuke 被困在同一栋建筑内。	1
They do as small as write copy for a radio advertisement or as much as run an specialize in a specific market niche.	它们的大小与广播广告的写拷贝一样小，也与专门经营特定市场的广告一样小。	2
They do it with the kind of tight ensemble sound that comes only with performing countless gigs over many years together.	它们采用的是一种紧密的信号群声音，这种声音在许多年中只能同时表现出无数的千兆字节。	2
They do not believe local governments widely use eminent domain to condemn owner occupied property but in many instances to deal with vacant and abandon property and to alleviate blight.	他们不认为地方政府广泛使用知名领域来谴责业主占有的财产，但在许多情况下，他们要处理空置和遗弃的财产并减轻其受打击的程度。	1
They do not pass process of a birth and feeding of the child, do not feel in itself internal reorganisation which there takes place the woman.	她们不会通过生育和喂养孩子的过程，而是不会感觉到妇女的内部重组。	1
They do this because they know they have to attract attention quickly when they are sending out emails to random unknown people.	他们这样做是因为他们知道当他们发送电子邮件给随机未知的人时，他们必须迅速吸引人们的注意。	1
The yearly fascination with the occult has always seemed out of place and unhealthy to me.	每年对这种偶然的迷恋，对我来说似乎都是不合适的，也是不健康的。	1
The years to come will tell if any of these much needed changes will take place, converting Latin America into a fairer region, with the political and economic capacity to make its own decisions.	在今后的岁月里，这些急需的变革是否会发生，将拉丁美洲转变为一个更公平的区域，具有作出自己决定的政治和经济能力。	1
They encourage people to get trained in CPR, and Alecia Bioty says it should be taught in health classes at schools.	他们鼓励人们接受心肺复苏培训，阿尔西亚生物医学说，应该在学校的健康课程中教授这一课程。	1
They enhance your pores and skin and cause your pores and skin to appear a lot more vibrant and radiant.	它们增强了您的孔隙和皮肤，使您的孔隙和皮肤显得更加活跃和辐射。	2
They entered the living room to the beaming eyes of his parents, who were already seated behind the elegant dining table.	他们走进客厅，看到父母的眼睛，他们已经坐在优雅的餐桌后面。	2
They even said that I was more than welcome to pay them a visit and see the whole process for myself.	他们甚至说，我非常欢迎我来拜访他们，亲自看看整个过程。	2
They even said that they ashes cannot be taken home.	他们甚至说他们的灰烬不能带回家。	1
They expect to have everyone who can receive power back in service by tonight unless thunderstorms move into the area before completion.	他们希望所有能在今晚恢复供电的人，除非雷暴在完工前进入该地区。	2
They feel frustrated because they do not feel represented.	他们感到沮丧，因为他们没有被代表。	1
They fell into a companionable silence as Castle set about getting the skillet and saucepan out to make the food.	他们在城堡开始准备让小食和碟子出来做食物的时候，陷入了一种沉寂。	2
They fell into my trap, which was a great way to have the lesson about multitasking stick in their heads.	他们陷入了我的陷阱，这是一个很好的方法，可以让他们在头脑中学习多任务。	2
They felt it could compromise their privacy unnecessarily.	他们认为这可能不必要地损害他们的隐私。	1
They finally arrived and Chris explained the challenge with a sundae and of course getting the ingredients in a dangerous way.	他们终于到达了，克里斯用圣代解释了挑战，当然也用危险的方式把原料做成了。	2
They find piles and piles of dead bodies and folded up bones, some crushed like a pancake.	他们发现了成堆的尸体和折叠的骨头，有些像煎饼一样被压碎。	0
They fit so well together in an albeit slightly twisted way.	它们以一种尽管有点扭曲的方式紧密地组合在一起。	2
They frequently make unrealistic demands and have a low tolerance for stress.	他们常常提出不切实际的要求，对压力的容忍度很低。	1
They further agreed to establish a Trilateral Joint Commission.	他们还同意设立一个三边联合委员会。	0
They gained such a glorious victory over the Goths that their king, the proud Ermanaric had the face to fall on his sword.	他们获得了如此辉煌的胜利，他们的国王，骄傲的埃尔马纳里奇的脸落在了他的刀上。	2
They generally become known in the dream state first and are recognized in the physical world later.	它们通常首先在梦中被人所知，然后在物质世界中被人所承认。	0
They grow to a height of about twenty feet.	它们的高度大约为 20 英尺。	0
They had all seen the bright flare of light that had surrounded Peter and flowed into John.	他们都看到了围绕着彼得而流入约翰的光明的光芒。	2
They had been running tests to see what was wrong with the pain in his side and when they did a catscan on him they found cancer.	他们一直在进行测试，以查看他身上的疼痛是什么问题，当他们对他进行白内障扫描时，发现癌症。	0
They had been talking dirty to each other for years and it still made her ache with need.	他们之间的谈话多年来一直是肮脏的，这仍然使她在需要时疼痛。	2
They had both decided that they needed to get away from the crazy fans and media, namely Rita Skeeter.	他们都认为他们需要远离疯狂的粉丝和媒体，即 Rita Sceeter 。	0
They had left Peter as a look out near the kitchen as they snuck into the Slytherin common room.	他们离开彼得去看厨房附近的情况，因为他们在 Slytherin 公共房间里溜达。	2
They had no choice but to give up.	他们别无选择，只能放弃。	0
They had officially run out of friends and there were just too many enemies for Sam to go off on his own.	他们的朋友已经正式用完了，而且只有太多的敌人让 Sam 独自离开。	2
They had only been together that night and the wee morning hours.	他们在那晚和凌晨才在一起。	0
They had to decide if the obese should pay for one or two.	他们必须决定肥胖者是否应该支付一两笔钱。	2
They had two big piles in the corner with a bunch more left to rake.	他们在角落里有两个大桩，还有一群人被耙到。	2
They had wanted an alliance in return for freedom.	他们希望建立联盟以换取自由。	0
They happily return the gesture by setting my alarm clock 2 hours early and beating me with a very hard piece of PVC pipe.	他们很高兴地把我的闹钟提前 2 小时设置好，用一根非常硬的 PVC 管殴打我。	2
They have all the latest stuff and are dating the hottest guy there.	他们有最新的东西，并且正在约会那里最热的人。	2
They have a policy of regional transformation in the Middle East: regime change.	他们有一项中东地区转型政策：政权更迭。	0
They have a special Easter ecard maker, they have animations to choose from, with different cute little songs.	他们有一个特别的复活节贺卡制作者，他们有动画可供选择，有不同的可爱小歌曲。	1
They have a tendency to forget about where to leave their automobile with an extended trip.	他们倾向于忘记在长时间旅行后从哪里离开汽车。	1
They have become a major factor in the growth of the economy and jobs.	它们已成为经济和就业增长的一个主要因素。	0
They have been used since antiquity to sell a wide variety of goods, and their basic form has remained unchanged.	它们从古代起就被用来出售各种各样的商品，其基本形式保持不变。	2
They have been used to make a new estimation of water withdrawal for irrigated agriculture per country by dividing the irrigation water requirement of the country by its assigned correction ratio.	它们被用来对每个国家的灌溉农业的取水量进行新的估计，方法是将该国的灌溉用水需求除以分配的校正比率。	1
They have come through our chemistry school, and to teach chemistry in a school anyone who would do a graduate diploma in education at Melbourne would need to have done a couple of years of chemistry with us.	他们已经通过我们的化学学校，并且在一所学校教授化学，任何在墨尔本攻读教育学位的人都需要与我们一起完成几年的化学工作。	2
They have learned not to trust any politician.	他们学会不相信任何政客。	1
They have scanned me every 3 months since my surgery as there was always something suspicious or that had grown.	自从我手术以来，他们每 3 个月对我进行一次扫描，因为总是有可疑的东西或已经长大的东西。	2
They have since met often enough for the New York Daily News to have dubbed her Bubba s blonde pal .	此后，他们经常见面，《纽约每日新闻》将她的布巴的金发《 PAL 》命名为“布巴”。	2
They have succeeded, and put over their country an insolent tyranny made up of cruel and inexorable masters, and that too of a description hitherto not known in the world.	他们成功地把自己的国家置于由残酷和无情的主人所组成的 不solent 暴政之下，这也是迄今为止在世界上所不知道的一种描述。	2
They have the luxury of retiring back in their countries comfortably after they have earned enough money in Singapore.	他们在新加坡赚了足够的钱后，可以在自己的国家舒适地退休。	1
They have to find out what that number is.	他们必须知道这个数字是多少。	1
They have worked on assignments in each of the fifty states, and in twenty countries across four continents.	他们在 50 个国家中的每一个国家以及在四大洲的 20 个国家中从事任务。	2
They headed for the front door but Strife stopped a bit from it.	他们朝前门前进，但冲突稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍稍停止。	2
They heard the approaching footsteps and Harry noticed Draco shift from foot to foot nervously.	他们听到了脚步的临近，哈里紧张地注意到德拉科从脚到脚的变化。	2
They help you out whatever the cost of the item.	它们可以帮助您解决商品的任何成本问题。	1
They introduced themselves to the five tour guides.	他们向五位导游介绍了自己。	0
They just get nice glitter and pomp in this game to demonstrate that you are being attacked in that manner.	他们只是在这场比赛中得到了漂亮的闪光和轻拍，以证明你正受到这种攻击。	2
They knew he would instantly change into his demon form and rip the Acromantula to shreds.	他们知道他会立即变成他的恶魔，把阿卡罗门图拉宰碎。	2
They knew it was going to be a test and Newbridge were worried about their challenge.	他们知道这将是一项测试， Newbridge 担心自己的挑战。	2
They know that they do not have to make a commitment to me at our first intereview.	他们知道，从我们的第一个角度看，他们不需要对我作出承诺。	1
They know that your getting them drunk too.	他们知道你也让他们喝醉了。	1
They lapsed into silence as they reached their cars.	当他们到达汽车时，他们沉默了下来。	1
They learn by comparing their work to the world around them.	他们通过将自己的工作与周围的世界进行比较来学习。	1
They let us shine the light in those dark corners.	它们让我们在黑暗的角落里照亮光。	1
They like us to believe that the class struggle is an invention or a remnant of a bygone era.	他们希望我们相信阶级斗争是过去时代的发明或残余。	1
They looked like they were about to protest so I said.	我说，他们似乎要抗议。	2
They looked up at me questioningly and asked if the place was open.	他们问我，问我这个地方是否开放。	0
They look like too much work for a delayed reward.	他们看起来工作太多，无法获得延迟奖励。	1
They make it a lot harder for L to solve the case by distracting him.	他们让 L 很难通过分散他的注意力来解决问题。	0
They make our social events so much fun!	他们让我们的社交活动变得如此有趣！	1
They may be used on their own or as an unusual ending to the relevant speeches.	这些发言可以单独使用，也可以作为有关发言的一个不同寻常的结局。	1
They may not be the only team without an OS at the start.	他们可能不是唯一在一开始就没有操作系统的团队。	0
They meet for a hasty conclave in the great hall of the palace.	他们在宫殿的大殿里碰面，匆忙地举行了会议。	1
They met the two women and decided to have a luscious picnic together in the warm summer air.	他们会见了这两名妇女，并决定在温暖的夏日里一起野餐。	1
They moved from an area of highest pressure to a place of lowest pressure.	它们从压力最高的地区移到压力最低的地方。	0
They must also provide for mixed uses to reduce dependency on automobiles and stimulate pedestrian accesses and integration with the strategies for the economic, social, and environmental development of the municipality.	它们还必须提供混合用途，以减少对汽车的依赖，刺激行人进出，并与市政当局的经济，社会和环境发展战略相结合。	0
They must either provide the information or give the reasons for not supplying the information inside 20 working days, but that can be extended if there are public interest considerations.	他们必须在 20 个工作日内提供信息或说明不提供信息的理由，但如果有公共利益考虑，这种情况可以延长。	0
They need to identify themselves with others , to feel the same way about things as they do .	他们需要与他人一起识别自己，以和他们一样的方式处理事情。	1
They need to live normally and in peace to realize a better future world.	他们需要正常生活，和平生活，以实现一个更美好的未来世界。	1
They need to possess the proper expertise that may present you with having an ambitious manifestation.	他们需要拥有适当的专业知识，这可能会让您有一个雄心勃勃的表现。	2
They need to see and hear the speaker.	他们需要看到和听到扬声器。	2
They never gave me value, I was treated poorly as a high teir premium pax for too long.	他们从来没有给我价值，我被当作一个高消费的人对待太久了。	2
They never know where their stuff is and are always asking you anyway.	他们永远不知道他们的东西在哪里，总是问你。	0
They offer excellent value for money and are in a super location - handy for the beach and restaurants.	酒店物超所值，地理位置优越，到海滩和餐厅都很方便。	0
They often feel themselves to be specks of dust in it.	他们常常觉得自己是灰尘的斑点。	2
They only wanted to move here for what.	他们只是想搬到这里去做什么。	2
The young couple and I were able to observe a few clusters while explaining a little more about astronomy and the club.	我和这对年轻的夫妇能够观察到几个群组，同时对天文学和俱乐部做了更多的解释。	0
The younger girl had fallen on her rear when the Mantis Woman took the wolf head on, staring as she killed the beast.	当曼蒂斯女人把狼的头拿在后面时，这位年轻的女孩已经摔倒在她的后面，她在杀死野兽的时候盯着她看。	2
The younger vampires had not yet developed a taste for coffins.	年轻的 vampires 还没有形成棺材的味道。	2
The young man lifted himself to a seated position with one arm and bent closer to her.	这名年轻人用一只手臂将自己抬到一个座位上，并向她弯下身。	2
The young man reappeared a few seconds later, glancing between her and the mess on the floor before quickly beginning to sweep it up.	几秒钟后，那个年轻人又重新出现了，在她和地板上的乱糟糟的地方之间闪着光，然后很快就开始把它扫起来了。	2
The young people are all dressed in the latest American style.	年轻人都穿着最新的美国风格。	2
They painted the inside an attractive moss green with a white ceiling.	他们用白色的天花板给室内喷上了一层迷人的苔藓。	2
They pay no attention to the way words are spelled because this is all done at lightning speed.	他们不注意单词的拼写方式，因为这都是以闪电般的速度完成的。	1
They practice these exercises willingly because the activities are connected to everything people do in everyday life.	他们自愿地练习这些练习，因为这些活动与人们日常生活中的一切活动有关。	1
They probably all think of me as just a little puny Eevee.	他们可能都把我看作是一个小小的朋伊维。	2
They protest against building of the American Radar Base in CR.	他们抗议在 CR 建造美国雷达基地。	0
They provide a permanent place for those left behind to connect emotionally and spiritually with their loss.	它们为留在后面的人提供了一个永久的地方，使他们在感情上和精神上与他们的损失联系起来。	1
They quickly dress in their clothes and Lavi pulled a frighten Allen into his chest.	他们很快就穿上衣服，拉维把一个惊吓的艾伦拉入他的胸部。	2
They range from designer brands to every day office wear brands which are functional and easily affordable.	这些品牌从设计师品牌到日常办公服装品牌，都是功能齐全且价格实惠的品牌。	0
They really are an eccentric bunch if you think about it.	如果你想的话，他们真的是一群古怪的人。	2
They recently sent out the email linked below.	他们最近发送了下面链接的电子邮件。	1
They recognize that every success comes from the assistance of many other people — and they are continually grateful for this support.	他们认识到每一个成功都来自许多其他人的帮助—他们对这种支持不断表示感谢。	2
They reminded him of the violets he had trampled on when he was in a rage actually.	他们提醒他，他在愤怒中被践踏的小提琴。	2
They remind him of his heinous crimes of perjury and murder, for (we now learn) he had joined his brother Richard in killing Prince Edward.	他们提醒他，他犯下了令人发指的伪证罪和谋杀罪，因为（我们现在知道）他和他的兄弟理查德一起杀害了爱德华王子。	0
They represent sellers and buyers to aid in the sale of all land property types.	他们代表卖主和买主协助出售所有类型的土地财产。	2
They require little exercise as they are happy just laying around the house, and so are suitable for apartment living.	他们不需要锻炼，因为他们只喜欢躺在房子里，所以也适合居住在公寓里。	1
They rounded a corner, stopping as they sensed a flurry of motion at the far end of the hall.	他们绕了一个角落，在大厅远端感觉到一阵动的时候停下来。	1
They said authorities should also find ways to reduce outdoor wall space available for illegal ad postings.	他们说，当局还应设法减少可用于非法广告张贴的室外墙面空间。	0
They sat down at the table as Kreacher went into the kitchen to prepare the tea.	当克莱赫走进厨房准备茶时，他们坐在桌子上。	1
They sat there in the little red tunnel all snuggled up together.	他们坐在红色小隧道里，一起坐着。	1
They say their cats are outside more because they got two German Shepards and the cats receive out and run away.	他们说他们的猫更多是在外面，因为他们有两只德国牧羊舍，而这些猫会被带走。	2
They seem to be mainly around Hwy 7 near Nichols Rd and Stone Lake Road plus a few sightings near Sax and Cranberry.	它们似乎主要位于 7 号高速公路附近，靠近 Nichols 路和 Stone Lake 路，以及在 Sax 和 Cranberry 附近的几处景点。	1
They seem to command the power to over rule even senior ministers.	他们似乎拥有甚至是高级部长的权力。	0
They seem to have beaten up innocent people on Sunday, and to make matters worse, they refuse to want to have a Independent Police Complaints and Misconduct Commission (not that such an organization would really matter in corrupt Malaysia).	他们似乎在周日殴打了无辜的人，更糟糕的是，他们拒绝成立一个独立的警察投诉和不当行为委员会（这不是这样的组织在腐败的马来西亚会真正重要）。	2
They shared a sweet kiss and then Eddie called her beautiful again.	他们分享了一个甜蜜的吻，然后 Eddie 又称她漂亮。	1
They should also step up their work with the respective diaspora communities in the UK through education programmes.	They should also step up their work with the respective diaspora communities in the UK through education programmes.	2
They should be glad I opted not to take their automated customer satisfaction survey...	他们应该很高兴我选择不参加他们的自动化客户满意度调查 ...	0
They should be used with caution in the elderly as there is risk of electrolyte imbalances.	在老年人中使用时应谨慎，因为存在电解液失衡的风险。	0
They should concisely provide the context for the agreement.	它们应简明地提供达成协议的背景。	1
They should take a cue from my generation and learn to approach the topic cheekily and with blunt humor — unlike the old days.	他们应该从我这一代人那里得到启示，学会以不象过去那样的幽默和幽默的方式来处理这个问题。	1
They show any irregularities in packaging or actual or suspected damage to the cargo.	它们显示出包装方面的任何违规行为，或货物实际或疑似受损。	1
They specialise in the development and manufacture of diagnostic kits...	他们专注于诊断套件的开发和制造 ...	0
They spend the rest of their day cooking together and preparing meals for the next day, lunch for school and work.	他们将剩下的时间一起做饭，并为第二天准备食物，为学校和工作准备午餐。	2
They stack up in the trees and fly in one at a time, grab a refuel of one seed and fly out to rejoin their place in the stack.	他们在树中堆叠，一次飞入一颗种子，取一颗种子的燃料，然后飞出，重新回到堆叠中的位置。	2
They started comparing notes and it turned out that all third year students were missing.	他们开始比较笔记，结果发现所有三年级学生都失踪了。	2
They stood in silence for several seconds until the elevator doors opened.	他们沉默了几秒钟，直到电梯门打开。	1
They stood on the curb for a moment and decided to take separate cabs, not totally trusting themselves to stay the course.	他们站在路边一段时间，决定乘单独的出租车，并不完全相信自己会继续前进。	2
They stopped at a dead end and where cornered by the gang.	他们在死角停下，被帮派包围。	0
They take so much effort into teaching WN a lesson, that they find themselves losing millions of dollars just trying to fight a battle.	他们付出了巨大的努力来教 WN 一课，以至于他们发现自己仅仅为了战斗而损失了数百万美元。	1
They take steps to conserve natural resources and the result is a smaller carbon footprint.	它们采取措施保护自然资源，从而减少碳足迹。	0
They then ensure that this information is fed into the planning process, and that wherever possible their requests are acted upon.	然后，他们确保将这些信息输入规划过程，并在可能的情况下对他们的请求采取行动。	1
They think adult stem cells, which are further along in specialization than the embryonic cells, can be converted from one specialty to another, and thus may have as much potential.	他们认为，成人干细胞比胚胎细胞更具有专门性，可以从一种专业转化为另一种专业，因此可能具有同样的潜力。	2
They thought that Thread originated from the Red Star itself.	他们认为“线程”源自“红星”本身。	0
They told us it was time to tell the truth.	他们告诉我们，是时候说出真相了。	0
They took a break when supper was done.	他们在晚餐结束时休息了一下。	0
They took a lot of energy during that period of time.	在这段时间里，他们耗费了大量精力。	1
They took Jero and Goro to the communal hut and began immediately to nurse them.	他们把耶罗和戈罗带到公共小屋，并立即开始给他们喂奶。	1
They treated her and the bleeding finally stopped.	他们对她进行了治疗，流血终于停止了。	0
They try to get as much money as they can out of cardholders, especially now as the companies face growing losses due to the credit crisis.	他们试图从持卡人那里获得尽可能多的资金，特别是现在由于信贷危机，公司面临越来越大的损失。	0
They turned around and saw the Knight, Tuxedo Mask and the Generals.	他们转过身去，看到了骑士，图塞多面具和将军。	1
They use a range of reading strategies to help them tackle unfamiliar words.	他们使用一系列阅读策略来帮助他们处理不熟悉的词语。	1
They used her dress as a prop and I loved it.	他们把她的裙子当作道具，我很喜欢。	0
They used the media and demonstrations in an integrated information strategy.	他们在综合信息战略中利用媒体和示威。	1
They used to come down and help eat the husbands my sisters killed.	他们过去常常来帮助吃我妹妹杀死的丈夫。	2
They use goods quality of supplies and their proficient workers pack belongings with care and dedication.	他们使用商品质量的用品，他们熟练的工人以谨慎和奉献的态度包装物品。	1
They valued my time and realize that I wanted to receive the best value for my cash.	他们重视我的时间，并意识到我希望获得最物有所值的现金。	2
They waited for only a few minutes but to her it felt like an hour or longer, she was kind of distorted with time lately.	他们只等了几分钟，但对她来说，这就像是一个小时或更长的时间，她最近有点时间上的扭曲。	1
They walked inside, and he let go of Alfred, knowing that the only exit was the door behind him.	他们走进去，然后他让阿尔弗雷德离开，知道唯一的出口是他背后的门。	2
They walked in silence for a time until the taller man stopped in a deserted alley.	他们默默地走了一段时间，直至高个子的人在一条荒凉的小巷里停下来。	0
They wanted to take advantage of them, even while exploring the possibilities of working together to enter new markets and third countries.	他们希望利用这些机会，即使在探索共同努力进入新市场和第三国的可能性的同时也是如此。	1
They wanted to take us to our father in prison, because boys are supposed to stay with their father.	他们想把我们带到监狱里的父亲那里，因为男孩应该和他们的父亲在一起。	0
They wanted us registered with them before continuing business.	他们希望我们在继续营业之前先在他们那里注册。	1
They want to label every single autistic person as vaccine injured, which is completely unacceptable.	他们想把每一个自闭症患者都标记为疫苗受伤，这是完全不能接受的。	2
They way he acted around me, the way he looked at me, eyes blazing with fierce hatred.	他们是他在我周围行动的，他看着我的方式，眼睛里充满了强烈的仇恨。	1
They weaved at impressive speeds around the ships in the space dock, then zoomed down toward the planet surface, while Q asked idly, whether starship captains ever got speeding tickets.	他们以令人印象深刻的速度在太空码头的船只周围游动，然后缩小到地球表面，而 Q 则袖手旁观地问，海星船长是否有过超速罚单。	1
They were a lot alike now that he thought about it.	现在他想到了这一点，他们就像很多人一样。	2
They were a small group and each had a specific task.	他们是一个小组，每个小组都有一个具体的任务。	0
They were aware of how spirits could keep a cloth dipped in water from becoming wet – their local godman had already demonstrated these powers.	他们知道烈酒如何防止湿布浸湿—他们当地的教主已经证明了这些力量。	2
They were bestowed great amounts of magic that allowed them to live for thousands of years.	他们被赋予了巨大的魔力，使他们能够生活数千年。	1
They were both lying next to each other on the ground.	他们在地上彼此挨着地躺着。	1
They were each others best friend and champion.	他们是彼此最好的朋友和冠军。	1
They were figuring out what to do when suddenly they were launched into the darkest part of the Everfree Forest.	他们正在研究当突然被发射到珠穆朗玛峰最黑暗的部分时该怎么做。	2
They were in Gotham it was nearly inevitable that the Batman would be called upon before the night was out.	他们都在哥坦——几乎不可避免的是，蝙蝠侠会在夜幕到来之前被召唤。	2
They were just going to bug out and go home.	他们只是想出去，回家。	0
They were legally regarded as married by the time of the birth, at least as I understand it.	至少根据我的理解，他们在出生时在法律上被视为已婚。	0
They were never the sign for good news or even good sex.	他们从来都不是好消息，甚至不是好性爱的标志。	2
They were not living up to their promises at all.	他们根本没有兑现自己的承诺。	0
They were saved from their possible punishment by the group of strangely dressed people started yelling up at them from the bottom of the gates.	他们被一群穿着奇怪衣服的人从大门底部朝他们大声喊叫，从而避免了他们可能受到的惩罚。	2
They were so proud of me and the lady and her friend told my mommy that I was the best grey they had ever had in the place.	他们为我感到骄傲，那位女士和她的朋友告诉我的妈妈，我是他们在这个地方遇到的最好的灰色。	2
They were surprised on why she would ask about this ultra popular Canadian Company.	他们对她为什么会询问这家极受欢迎的加拿大公司感到惊讶。	0
They were terrorizing a nearby village for some time and they requested the aid of the Furious Five and Dragon Warrior.	他们对附近的一个村庄进行了一段时间的恐吓，并要求愤怒的五人和龙战士提供援助。	2
They were the same ones he unconsciously recited to himself this morning.	他们是他今天上午无意中向自己推荐的那些人。	2
They were the thoughts that were even more surplus than ever.	这些想法比以往任何时候都更加多余。	0
They were too busy taking down the immediate threat to realize a bigger one in their wake.	他们忙于消除眼前的威胁，而不是意识到更大的威胁。	2
They we vastly outnumbered and she knew that there was no way they could come out of this battle the victors.	他们的数量远远超过了我们的数量，她知道他们无法从这场战斗中找到胜利者。	2
They will also be giving their testimonies during the program.	他们还将在方案期间提供证词。	1
They will also explain just what bankruptcy can mean and lay it all out for you.	他们还会解释破产意味着什么，并为您详细说明。	0
They will also participate in community service projects and continue individual and group therapy sessions – summer does not provide a break from those!	他们还将参与社区服务项目并继续进行个人和团体治疗—夏季不能与这些项目决裂！	2
They will be able to inform you of what classes should not be taken at a community college level.	他们将能够告诉您哪些课程不应该在社区大学级别上上课。	2
They will drive a steak through your heart, and to the peoples who will call me pathetic in any reviews.	他们会把牛排从你的心里敲出来，并把它推给那些在任何评论中都称我为可悲的人。	2
They will feel their cases are being examined by judges with a great familiarity with their culture, their values and their needs.	他们会觉得他们的案件正由非常熟悉其文化，价值观和需要的法官审理。	0
They will help propel your company into the future.	它们将帮助推动您的公司走向未来。	0
They will hosted by the Greens Bass candidate and Senator Brown.	他们将由格林斯 · 巴斯候选人和布朗参议员主持。	0
They will not tell you till after you run your credit card.	他们不会告诉你 , 直到你经营你的信用卡 .	2
They will provide you with all the information you need and explain how you apply.	他们将为您提供所需的所有信息，并解释您的申请方式。	1
They will tend to be the ones that are backed up by the authority of God directly: you shall do this, I the Lord am your God.	他们往往是直接得到神权威支持的人：你要这样做，我主是你的神。	2
They will vote for him regardless and Obama needs to stop losing the support of independents which he is losing in droves due to his drive toward socialism.	不管怎样，他们都将投票支持他，奥巴马需要停止失去独立人士的支持，而独立人士由于他对社会主义的努力而失去了这种支持。	1
They wish to send 6 volunteers for one year from Germany and Netherlands to Russia and Belarus to do youth media and cultural projects, to host organisations that are part of the EYFA network.	他们希望派遣 6 名志愿人员，从德国和荷兰到俄罗斯和白俄罗斯，为期一年，从事青年媒体和文化项目，主办属于欧洲青年论坛网络一部分的组织。	0
They would be way to noticeable then, everyone would know they existed, and they would have died out long ago.	那时，他们会被注意到，每个人都知道他们的存在，他们早就会死去了。	1
They would gain some pricing power and it would lessen the competitive pressure on them.	它们将获得一定的定价能力，并将减轻对它们的竞争压力。	2
They would somehow stop on a dime at their feet, and roll over on their backs for some belly rubbing.	他们会在双脚的小圆上停下来，然后翻滚在背上，进行一些腹间摩擦。	2
Thibodeau discusses the configurable chip idea where an old computer is recreated on a chip.	Thibodeau 讨论了可配置的芯片概念，即在芯片上重新创建旧计算机。	1
Things escalate quickly from there, but where will it leave the two in the end?	事情从那里迅速升级，但这两个因素最终将从哪里结束？	2
Things happen that make me feel like you are here.	发生的事情让我觉得你在这里。	1
Things have gotten better since eight or nine months ago.	从八，九个月前开始，情况变得更好了。	2
Things to ponder If nothing ever sticks to Teflon, how do they make Teflon stick to the pan?	要思考的事情如果没有什么东西会粘在特氟龙上，他们如何使特氟龙粘在托盘上？	2
Things went from pear shaped to absolute horrible in minutes.	从梨形到绝对可怕的事情只需几分钟。	1
Think about it this way : Would you rather be away from you husband 90% of the time and be great financially or would you rather be with him and be okay ?	这样想：你是不是愿意离开你的丈夫 90% 的时间，在经济上是伟大的，还是愿意和他在一起，并且是好的？	2
Think about it - why would you abduct someone in the first place if your intention was to rape and kill them?	想想吧——如果你的意图是强奸和杀害他人，那么你为什么会首先绑架他人呢？	1
Thinking about a gift for someone who wants to lose weight?	想为想要减肥的人准备一份礼物吗？	1
Thinking about the method that you consult on your own and after switching from bad to good can actually alter the method that you believe and feel about on your own.	思考一下您自己咨询的方法以及从坏到好的方法实际上可以改变您自己相信和感受的方法。	1
Thinking fast, Lupo mentioned the train yard area and suggested that the Wolfpack team lead the way since they knew where it was obviously and hurried there, ready to complete their hit order against their victims.	鲁波快速地提到了火车站的院子，并建议沃尔夫斯普队带头，因为他们知道那里的情况很明显，而且很匆忙，准备完成对受害者的打击令。	2
Thinking of Arthur always made Alfred miss the other and feel nostalgic, so he always ended up having to change his thought pattern before it got any further, making him feel old.	想到亚瑟总是让阿尔弗雷德怀念他人，感到怀旧，因此他总是不得不在思想模式进一步改变之前改变思想模式，让他感到老了。	1
Think really hard, try to think about the last time they were nice to you or the last time you had a good time with them.	认真思考，试着思考他们上次对您好的时候，或上次您与他们度过美好时光的时候。	1
Third, if j is slightly better than his opponent, the rise in competition makes the tournament more attractive to him and spurs him to invest in preparation.	第三，如果 J 比对手稍微好一点，比赛的增加会使他对比赛更有吸引力，并刺激他投资准备。	2
Third parties can comment on the agreement and, in some cases, seek to challenge the agreement in court.	第三方可以对协议发表意见，在某些情况下，会向法院质疑协议。	0
Third Street is on the edge of town.	第三街位于城镇边缘。	2
Third, the probability of At may be independent of past events simpliciter, or it may be independent of such events only on average.	第三， AT 的概率可能与过去的事件无关，也可能只是平均而言与这些事件无关。	2
Third year history student at KCL (also doing an intercollegiate module at QMUL) doing my second Nano.	KCL 的三年级历史学生（也在 QMUL 上做了一个实习单元）做了我的第二个 Nano 。	2
This 4 Head Video Cassette Recorder with Unified remote allows simple setup of all off air and cable channels with its EZ Setup mode.	这款带统一遥控器的 4 头视频暗盒式录像机允许通过其 EZ 设置模式轻松设置所有无线和电缆通道。	0
This account was established by a written agreement between Canada and the United States, to record temporarily unused funds paid to the United States Government under contracts for purchases of military equipment.	这一账户是根据加拿大和美国之间的一项书面协议设立的，目的是记录根据购买军事装备的合同支付给美国政府的临时未用资金。	0
This acquisition will further enhance American Tire Distributors' service level to tire retailers across the states of Texas and Oklahoma.	此次收购将进一步提高美国轮胎分销商对德克萨斯州和俄克拉荷马州轮胎零售商的服务水平。	0
This adds another visual indicator to each tab open in Firefox.	这将为 Firefox 中打开的每个选项卡添加另一个可视指示器。	0
This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for successive year terms, unless terminated at an earlier date in accordance with Section 8(b).	本协议将自动续期连续一年，除非根据第 8 （ b ）节的规定提前终止。	0
This alarming situation is largely due in part to the Western diet that full of acidic foods and beverages.	这种令人震惊的情况主要是由于西方饮食充满了酸性食品和饮料。	1
This allowed the analog computers access to all the other equipment in the lab without the necessity to move cables around under the floor.	这使得模拟计算机可以访问实验室中的所有其他设备，而无需在地板下移动电缆。	0
This allows a nation to plan proactively for its prosperity and defense.	这使一个国家能够积极地为其繁荣和国防作出规划。	0
This allows revisiting the imagery when new measurements or methods are developed.	这使得在开发新的测量或方法时可以重新查看图像。	0
This allows you to charge one battery unit while the other is in use.	这允许您在另一个电池单元使用时为其充电。	1
This allows you to drive up to the hotel to drop off your luggage.	这样您就可以开车到酒店放下行李。	0
This allows you to keep an active Twitter presence with very little effort.	这使您可以轻松保持活跃的 Twitter 形象。	1
This allows you to keep these instructions and bounce back and forth from here to the feeds.	这样您就可以保留这些指令，并从此处来回跳到源。	1
This allows you to receive credit for your work, and helps us keep spammers off our site.	这使您可以获得您的工作的学分，并帮助我们将垃圾邮件发送者从我们的网站上保留下来。	1
This all started with a casual romp through the woods...	这一切都始于一只穿过树林的小龙虾 ...	0
This also appears in the database, and I'm really not sure what to do about it.	这也出现在数据库中，我真的不知道该怎么做。	0
This also includes an atmospheric though grainy photo of coaling between the two ships.	这还包括两艘船之间的一张大气但又有纹理的照片。	0
This also led to increased survival of snails and mosquitoes which carry diseases.	这也导致了携带疾病的蜗牛和蚊子的存活率提高。	1
This also makes it easier to plan and budget your implementation more effectively.	这也使您更容易更有效地规划和预算实施。	1
This also works with a dsl modem if you plug in your phone line for the modem into the extra phone port which should be filtered.	如果您将调制解调器的电话线插入应过滤的额外电话端口，则这也适用于 DSL 调制解调器。	1
This approach has the advantage that the information is always up to date.	这种方法的优点是信息始终是最新的。	0
This approach will work irrespective of the way in which the form is instantiated.	无论以何种方式实例化表单，此方法都将有效。	0
This area once was inhabited by Celtic tribes before it came under Roman influence, and the Ligurian dialect is closer to Piemontese, Lombard and French than to Standard Italian.	这个地区曾经是凯尔特部落居住的地区，在它受到罗马的影响之前，利古里亚方言比标准意大利语更接近皮埃蒙特塞语，伦巴德语和法语。	1
This area should be tackled, if at all, by a fully generalised facility for combining prerequisites in ways other than the fixed AND that is currently implicit.	这一领域的问题，如果可以的话，应该通过一个完全通用的设施来解决，以便以固定的和目前隐含的方式以外的方式结合先决条件。	2
This area was the brainchild of Stan Miller from Paxton who, with help from all our fathers, cut 2 ski trails from the top of the hill down to a corner of the neighborhood near its base.	这片区域是来自 Paxton 的 Stan Miller 的头脑，他在我们所有父亲的帮助下，从山顶到附近的一个角落，剪断了两条滑雪道。	2
This arrangement tends to constrain the leverage of the federal government.	这种安排往往限制了联邦政府的影响力。	0
This article aims to clarify this, as well as address both ATC and pilot responsibilities.	本条旨在澄清这一点，同时也涉及 ATC 和试验责任。	0
This article is free for republishing What is OPGI?	本文可免费重新发布什么是 OPGI ？	1
This article lays out the proper steps in maintaining your car.	本文介绍了维护车辆的正确步骤。	0
This article was written by BJ and filed under Interviews and the Panel.	这篇文章是北京京精撰写的，是在采访和小组的情况下提出的。	2
This assures that the end user of the product will benefit to the greatest degree from the purity and completeness of the natural minerals and micronutrients.	这保证了产品的最终用户将从天然矿物和微营养素的纯度和完整性中获得最大程度的好处。	0
This banned the development of display quality right until age of Electronic Telly.	在电子电视时代之前，这就禁止了显示器质量的发展。	2
This bar has been closed for about a year now but could reopen soon.	这家酒吧已经关闭了大约一年，但很快就会重新开业。	0
This Bat Detector Circuit is authored by Chris Eve.	本蝙蝠探测器巡回赛由 Chris Eve 撰写。	1
This beautiful riverside house in an traditional little southern French town offers two triple bedrooms, one with a view over the river and the other looking over the old town square.	这座美丽的河畔酒店位于传统的法国南部小镇上，提供两间三人房，一间可欣赏河景，另一间可欣赏老城广场。	0
This becomes obvious to people seeking to make their living online pretty quickly.	这一点对于那些希望很快在网上生活的人来说是显而易见的。	2
This behaviour could also help the body operate properly: dirt works as an abrasive, which may help the elephants digest some of the fibrous vegetables they eat.	这种行为也可以帮助身体正常工作：泥土是磨蚀性的，这可能有助于大象消化他们吃的一些纤维蔬菜。	2
This bill taxes more of these other forms of passive income justifiably.	这项法案对其他形式的被动收入征收了更多的税，这是有道理的。	0
This book does not present an especially difficult mystery for the reader to solve, as several of the elements of the solution are in fact telegraphed relatively early in the story.	这本书并不是读者要解决的一个特别困难的谜题，因为解决方案的几个要素实际上在故事中比较早地被描绘出来。	1
This book is about the Battle of Iwo Jima, and the five Marines and one Navy Corpsman who were involved in raising the flag on Iwo Jima.	这本书是关于伊沃吉马战役，以及参与在伊沃吉马升旗的五名海军陆战队和一名海军士曼。	2
This book is long on words but short on content.	这本书的文字很长，但内容却很短。	1
This book lives up to its title and I particularly liked the timing guideline for each puzzle.	这本书名副其实，我特别喜欢每一个谜题的时机指南。	1
This book works more easily for you when you already know a little about reading piano music.	当你已经了解钢琴音乐时，这本书更容易为你工作。	2
This bridegroom and bride so nicely complement each other and fit so beautifully as a couple that we can truly say this is a match made in Heaven.	这间新郎和新娘是如此完美地相互补充，和一对夫妇一样合身，我们可以真正地说这是在天堂里做的一场比赛。	2
This bright and spacious apartment with air conditioning features a front terrace with street views and a back terrace with pool views.	这间明亮宽敞的公寓配有空调，前露台可欣赏街景，后露台可欣赏泳池景观。	0
This building also kinda have a new york and chicago style to it but still works good in your downtown areas of your city.	这座建筑也有纽约和芝加哥风格，但在您所在城市的市中心地区仍能保持良好的工作状态。	2
This camera is very easy to use, and it contains user friendly features.	这款摄像机使用起来非常简单，而且具有用户友好的功能。	0
This campaign then is about child rights but equally about human rights and refugee rights.	这场运动当时是关于儿童权利，但同样也是关于人权和难民权利。	0
This can be a great option to get your spouse started and avoid any disagreements.	这是一个很好的选择，可以让你的配偶开始工作，避免任何分歧。	0
This can be annoying if the user had other rights when they were deleted.	如果用户在删除时拥有其他权限，这可能会令人厌烦。	1
This can be done with an inductive DC amp clamp set on the positive battery cable while the bike is running and the cable is still attached.	这可以通过在自行车运行且电缆仍连接时，在蓄电池正极电缆上设置感应式直流电流钳来实现。	1
This can be seen as the dominant reading of...	这可以被视为以下方面的主要解读：	1
This can help financing customer to remain calm in the event of the economic crisis.	这有助于融资客户在经济危机时保持冷静。	0
This cannot be entirely avoided with broadcast television.	广播电视不能完全避免这种情况。	0
This can occur at any level but is most frequently seen in the lumbar spine.	这可能在任何水平发生，但在腰椎中最常见。	2
This can only be achieved if QA becomes a habit and not just a mere practice.	只有当质量保证成为一种习惯而不仅仅是一种惯例时，才能做到这一点。	1
This can usually be done in the form of run down cover at a reduced cost.	这通常可以以降低成本的方式进行缩减。	0
This car is known for its Stylish Design , Smooth Engine and low Price .	这款汽车以其时尚的设计，流畅的发动机和低廉的价格而闻名。	0
This case arose in 2001 and 2002 when the PERS Variable Account suffered losses due to the equity market downturn.	这一案例发生在 2001 年和 2002 年，当时 PERS 变量账户因股票市场下滑而遭受损失。	0
This category contains business and economy related sites located in Forrestfield.	此类别包含位于 Forrestfield 的商业和经济相关站点。	1
This caused a lot of amazement and was the main topic of the day.	这引起了很大的震惊，也是今天的主题。	1
This CCFR Evidence paper forms part of the Promoting the Wellbeing of Children and Young People research programme.	这份 CCFR 证据文件是促进儿童和青年福祉研究方案的一部分。	1
This charming beach front home is owned by a long time local in Mahahual.	这座迷人的海滨之家由马哈 ual 的一位长期当地人拥有。	2
This charming set of Ganz measuring cups is a great decorator item and is functional with great detail and accurate measurements.	这套迷人的 Ganz 测量杯是一个很棒的装饰项目，具有出色的细节和准确的测量功能。	0
This chip unlocks all of the features of your Wii that were earlier restricted to your use.	此芯片解锁了您的 Wii 的所有功能，这些功能以前仅限于您的使用。	1
This clip point hunter is also available in a folder or fixed blade.	此夹点采集器也可用于折页机或固定刀片。	0
This collaboration site explores social systems among Iraqi peoples.	这一协作网站探讨了伊拉克人民之间的社会制度。	1
This collection of essays examines the respective religious and social functions of kings and prophets as they are presented in the biblical narratives.	这一系列的论文研究了国王和先知各自的宗教和社会功能，正如圣经叙述中所描述的那样。	1
This college ranks tenth in terms of enrollment in the state of North Carolina.	这所学院在北卡罗来纳州的入学率排名第十。	0
This colour varies from pale grey browns and soft creams to a rich chocolate brown.	这种颜色从淡灰色的布朗和软奶油到浓郁的巧克力棕色不等。	1
This combination of products allows businesses to set up one virtual contact centre operation regardless of where the physical sites are located.	这种产品组合使企业可以设置一个虚拟联系中心操作，而不管物理站点位于何处。	0
This comes from how these homes work with strong timber builds.	这来自这些房屋如何与坚固的木材建筑一起工作。	2
This completed a wrenching experience in which I rewrote much of the book from scratch.	这完成了一个令人痛苦的经历，我从头开始重写了这本书的大部分内容。	1
This complexity leads to difficulties in modeling and analysis because linearity is likely compromised.	这种复杂性导致了建模和分析方面的困难，因为线性可能会受到影响。	1
This complicates the estimations of observed sea level.	这使对观测到的海平面的估计复杂化。	0
This comprehensive model changeover, coupled with the simultaneous production of new and proven models and the modernization of the special trucks, is accompanied by measures to optimize the plant and its manufacturing operations.	这种全面的模型转换，同时生产新的和久经考验的模型以及特殊叉车的现代化，同时还采取了优化工厂及其制造运营的措施。	2
This concept is a strenghs based approach to recovery and wellness.	这一概念是一种基于强度的恢复和健康方法。	1
This could help towards additional costs such as travel or materials.	这可能有助于增加差旅或材料等费用。	1
This could make it potentially vulnerable to any effective international moves aimed at its business dealings abroad.	这可能会使它很容易受到任何旨在进行国外商业交易的有效国际行动的影响。	1
This country was a hundred miles or more in breadth, and extended back several hundred miles into the interior.	这个国家有一百英里或更宽，并延伸到了几百英里内。	2
This country was founded on the beliefs of christianity and we need to stop letting people take him out of everything.	这个国家建立在基督教信仰的基础上，我们必须停止让人们把他从一切中带走。	2
This course will focus on the health and psycho physiological aspects of stress.	本课程将重点介绍压力的健康和心理生理方面。	1
This covers essentially all of the functionality of the renamed Mobile Internet Toolkit.	这基本上涵盖了重命名的移动互联网工具包的所有功能。	0
This creates a conflict between these and the marine predators.	这造成了这些捕食者和海洋捕食者之间的冲突。	1
This criminal procedure clearly constitutes a violation of these and other principles of free expression.	这一刑事诉讼显然违反了这些和其他言论自由原则。	1
This debate has led, inter alia, to the availability of an abundant body of materials and experiences, some of which were assembled for discussion at the Regional Consultation of the Americas on Health Systems Performance Assessment.	除其他外，这次辩论导致提供了大量的材料和经验，其中一些材料和经验是在美洲卫生系统业绩评估区域协商会议上聚集在一起讨论的。	2
This Debate is probably the first in the world to be hosted by a statutory body of legal professionals.	这次辩论可能是世界上第一个由法律专业人员组成的法定机构主办的辩论。	0
This Decision establishes a Community action programme to support bodies working in the field of active European citizenship and to promote actions in this field.	这项决定确立了一项共同体行动方案，以支持在积极的欧洲公民身份领域工作的机构，并促进在这一领域的行动。	1
This decorative dahlia is great in borders and flower beds.	这家装饰华丽的大丽亚酒店在边框和花床方面非常出色。	2
This demonstrates the importance of having a good online reputation and the need for retailers to ensure their online customer experience is a positive one.	这表明了拥有良好在线声誉的重要性，以及零售商确保其在线客户体验是积极的需求。	1
This device is used to measure or identify physical characteristics of a person and this can be checked on an automated basis.	此设备用于测量或识别人员的身体特征，可以自动检查。	0
This did not necessarily lead to a closer relationship with the trade unions.	这并不一定会导致与工会的关系更加密切。	0
This differs from an NTSC signal in teh same channel.	这与同通道中的 NTSC 信号不同。	0
This discussion leads to some general conclusions about what policies are important for Kyrgyzstan in the next few years.	这一讨论得出了一些关于吉尔吉斯斯坦在今后几年中哪些政策对吉尔吉斯斯坦十分重要的一般性结论。	1
This district is looked upon as an early example of contempory architecture in Brazil, which reached its climax in Brasilia.	这一地区被视为巴西当代建筑的早期范例，巴西达到了巴西利亚的顶峰。	2
This documentary was excellent, and boy did you have some important guests.	这部纪录片很棒，你有一些重要的客人。	1
This document is meant to assist customers in tracking the progress of these requests.	本文档旨在帮助客户跟踪这些请求的进度。	0
This document was designed to provide an overview of the most effective clinical approaches to the assessment and treatment of rhinitis.	本文档旨在概述用于鼻炎评估和治疗的最有效临床方法。	0
This document will also be used to authorize additional services as required.	本文档还将用于根据需要授权其他服务。	0
This does not allow the Alchemist to make infusions of a level higher than what the alchemist class would provide.	这不允许化合物学家进行比化合物学家提供的水平更高的输液。	2
This does not mean concreting over the countryside.	这并不意味着要将农村地区具体化。	1
This does not refer to your ancestry in any way but is a polite way of enquiring whether the person is naked beneath the kilt.	这并不是指你的祖先，而是一种有礼貌的方式来询问这个人是否赤身裸体。	2
This draw is an fan art for the amazing cosplayer Yaya Han.	这是一个很棒的宇宙手 Yaya Han 的粉丝艺术作品。	2
This dvd confirms the importance of The Clash from their early punk years full of vitriol to their later mainstream work that paid homage to reggae, ska and jazz.	这张 DVD 证实了冲突的重要性，从他们早期的朋克年充满了维特里奥尔，到他们后来的主流作品，这些作品向雷鬼，斯卡和爵士致敬。	1
This ecommerce software is user friendly, so you manage and can completely design you online store yourself.	这款电子商务软件用户友好，因此您可以自行管理并完全设计在线商店。	1
This Elvis figurine features him dressed in his military uniform with a duffle bag thrown over his shoulder and a guitar hanging at his side.	这位猫王的雕像让他穿着军服，肩膀上有一个松露袋，旁边有一个吉他。	2
This enabled users to carry extensive media libraries and manage multimedia via a simple operating system, on one unit.	这使用户能够在一个单元上携带大量的媒体库并通过简单的操作系统管理多媒体。	1
This enhancement would be optional for the server plugin.	此增强功能对于服务器插件是可选的。	0
This ensures that tax data is used only in accordance with agreed arrangements, and that both strategic and operational risks and opportunities are appropriately managed.	这可确保税收数据仅根据商定的安排使用，并确保战略和运营风险及机会得到适当管理。	0
This environment is so moving and transformative, many massage therapists seriously consider teaching at these schools, although only a few are chosen for these much desired positions.	这种环境是如此动人和具有变革性，许多按摩治疗师认真考虑在这些学校进行教学，尽管只有少数人被选择担任这些非常理想的职位。	0
This equivalised income is then applied to each member of the household.	然后，这一相等的收入适用于家庭的每一个成员。	1
This essay will examine confirmation from the perspective of practical theology.	这篇论文将从实用神学的角度研究确认问题。	1
This evening perhaps take an optional excursion to the fortified town of Aigues Mortes, completely encircled by ramparts?	今天晚上，也许可以选择去阿格斯 · 莫特斯镇（ Aigues Mortes ），那里被城墙包围着？	1
This event handler variable is declared in such a way such that the actual type isdependent upon the substitution of the placeholder 1108.	此事件处理程序变量的声明方式使实际类型取决于占位符 1108 的替换。	2
This event provides vendors an occasion to show support and appreciation to the people on campus who purchase or utilize the goods and services they provide.	这一活动为供应商提供了一个机会，让他们向校园中购买或使用他们提供的商品和服务的人们表示支持和赞赏。	0
This exclusion applies from October 14 2004 and was introduced as a result of discussions between the Inland Revenue and the Law Society (which represents solicitors) as to the impact of privilege on the disclosure rules.	这一除外规定自 2004 年 10 月 14 日起适用，是税务局和律师协会（代表律师）就特权对披露规则的影响进行讨论后提出的。	1
This exposure can be from 1 second to many seconds depending on the amount of lightning activity, and if we are taking the shot during the day or night.	根据雷击活动的数量以及我们在白天或夜晚拍摄的镜头，这种曝光可能从 1 秒到多秒不等。	0
This expression is translated into a lack of action with regard to prevention (a clear example of which being the Triqui region).	这一表述被转化为在预防方面缺乏行动 ( 其中的一个明显例子是特里基地区 ) 。	2
This exquisite bangle surely is an worthy addition to your jewelry collection.	这款精致的斜角无疑是您珠宝收藏的一个值得补充。	1
This factor accounts for the fact that only some fraction of sexually produced offspring will be different from their mothers and that this fraction increases with allelic variance in the population.	这一因素造成了这样一个事实，即只有一小部分性产物后代与母亲不同，而这一比例随着人口的等位差异而增加。	1
This fast growth will always produce better returns for initial investors because the difference between Facebook now and Facebook 4 years ago is vast.	这种快速增长将始终为初始投资者带来更好的回报，因为 Facebook Now 和 Facebook 4 年前的差异是巨大的。	2
This feature puts them at odds with our money system, which depends on the creation and maintenance of scarcity.	这一特点使它们与我们的货币制度相矛盾，而我们的货币制度依赖于稀缺的创造和维持。	2
This fic is already becoming a firm favourite of mine...	这种方法已经成为我的最爱 ...	2
This field of learning deals with the general population, but mostly gifted children and those with certain disabilities and the way they learn in certain settings and under certain circumstances.	这一学习领域涉及一般人口，但主要是天才儿童和某些残疾儿童，以及他们在某些环境和某些情况下的学习方式。	1
This figure equals the hazards posed by unsafe sex and surpasses two other formidable health foes, tobacco and illicit drugs.	这一数字等于不安全性行为所造成的危害，超过了另外两个可怕的健康泡沫，即烟草和非法药物。	2
This file should be altered only with the vipw program.	只能使用 vpw 程序更改此文件。	0
This first volume sticks closely to the first two volumes of the manga by Kou Fumizuki, which should please fans of the original manga title.	第一卷与首两卷《漫画》的头两卷密切相关，这本书应该是《漫画》原标题的粉丝们所喜爱的。	2
This flirting continued for quite some time until April tried to leave to go get something to eat.	这种火烈继续了一段时间，直到 4 月才试图离开去吃东西。	1
This follows a drier than average year so far.	这一年比目前的平均年少雨。	2
This form does not require a signature by your field instructor as long as you are both in agreement with the completion date.	只要您双方都同意完成日期，此表就不需要现场讲师签名。	0
This form of banking displace commodity money and banks and other institutions.	这种形式的银行取代了商品货币和银行及其他机构。	0
This functionality allows you to restore corrupted blocks from your backup sets, online.	此功能允许您在线从备份集恢复损坏的块。	0
This gallery is running from Saturday to Saturday.	这个画廊从星期六到星期六都有。	2
This gap between relief and development has long been a practical problem.	救济与发展之间的这一差距长期以来一直是一个实际问题。	0
This gives the opposing team the advantage since jammers score one point for each opposing player in the penalty box.	这给对方球队带来了优势，因为在罚分箱中，对方球员的得分各为 1 分。	0
This gives the two reason to believe the superstition.	这就有两个理由相信迷信。	0
This gives you the feeling of a totally private shower cubicle without any loss of light, and also keeps the water in.	这给您一种完全私人的淋浴间的感觉，没有任何光线损失，也能让水保持在里面。	1
This goes beyond the notion that migration is a single event involving relocation.	这超出了移民是涉及搬迁的单一事件这一概念。	2
This group is obviously geared towards users of Final Cut Pro 7 and FCPX, but will also incorporate other tools as well.	这一组显然是面向最终用户专业版 7 和 FCPX ，但也将采用其他工具。	1
This guide and student supplement examines some of these vital issues and strategies for dealing with them.	本指南和学生补编研究了其中一些重要问题以及处理这些问题的策略。	1
This Guide builds upon the comprehensive approaches of the 'Raw Kitchen' Guide to provide a wealth of practical information for anyone who wishes to know more about this incredibly healthy approach to foods.	本指南以《生厨房指南》的综合方法为基础，为希望更多了解这种令人难以置信的健康食品方法的任何人提供了大量实用信息。	0
This handheld hoe is small, yet cleverly crafted to yield tremendous strength and accommodate any quick digs that might crop up.	这款手持式铲挖掘机小巧精致，能够产生巨大的强度，并能适应任何可能会向上作物的快速挖土。	1
This happens even if I have turned the phone off overnight!!	即使我通宵关闭手机也会发生这种情况！！	0
This has allowed air to migrate all the way to northern Alberta where temperatures will climb as high as the mid 70s Wednesday afternoon.	这使得空气可以一直流往艾伯塔省北部，那里的气温将上升至 70 年代中期的星期三下午。	2
This has been a difficult week for me and for my wife and children.	对我和我的妻子和孩子来说，这是一个困难的星期。	1
This has been a headache for us I wish I would had done a little more research. reply Email this page Titan issue On November 2nd, 2007 hal says: A dealer cannotr charge over an advertised price.	这对我们来说是一个头痛的问题，我希望我能做更多的研究。回复邮件本页 Titan 问题， 2007 年 11 月 2 日，霍尔说：一个经销商不会对广告价格收费。	2
This has been a mantra we have all heard repeatedly for quite a few years now.	这是我们多年来一再听到的一句格言。	0
This has been extremely important in the context of laws relating to women.	在有关妇女的法律方面，这一点极为重要。	0
This has been made possible thanks to an optimized design and hose system as well as an improved interaction of the individual components.	由于优化了设计和软管系统以及改进了各个部件的相互作用，因此实现了这一目标。	0
This has been typical of the Ashkenazic peoples for centuries, to make war as a profession either for themselves or for whoever engaged them.	几个世纪以来，这一直是阿什肯亚齐人的典型现象，使战争成为一种职业，无论是为自己还是为与他们交战的任何人服务。	1
This has generated interest in exploring options for future international arrangements in these areas, including the role which could be played by the WTO.	这引起了人们对探讨这些领域未来国际安排的备选方案的兴趣，包括世贸组织可以发挥的作用。	0
This has given banks tremendous opportunities to expand their customer base and grow their business in the region.	这为银行提供了巨大的机会来扩大其客户群并在该地区发展业务。	1
This has got to be the most hilarious idea I've ever read.	这是我所读到过的最滑稽的想法。	1
This has greatly benefitted the environment as we have diverted the equivalent of more than 18 Routemaster buses from landfill.	这大大改善了环境，因为我们已将相当于 18 辆的轮过山车从垃圾填埋场转用。	1
This has led many historians to think that such a person as Jesus never existed.	这使许多历史学家认为，像耶稣这样的人永远不存在。	1
This has never EVER been the stated reasons for war.	这从来都不是公开的战争理由。	0
This has resulted in fewer available nursing positions and layoffs.	这导致可提供的护理职位和裁员减少。	1
This headlong charge to eliminate polling places for all voters does not pass the sniff test.	这项取消所有选民投票地点的大头收费，并没有通过调查测试。	2
This helps keep everybody on the same page, and if these cues are NOT there, the band may likely suffer as a result.	这有助于让每个人都保持在同一页上，如果这些线索不存在，可能会导致乐队受苦受难。	2
This helps narrow the results when you know a little about the person you are searching for.	这有助于在您对要搜索的人员有所了解时缩小结果范围。	0
This highlights yet again the need to engage young men as they initiate sexual activity, and before, to reduce their own vulnerabilities and those of young women.	这再次突出表明，有必要让青年男子在开始性活动时以及在开始性活动之前参与，以减少他们自己和年轻妇女的脆弱性。	1
This hotel is characterized by a combination of modern comfort and traditional element of Lauzerte, making it a distinct accommodation.	酒店以现代舒适和传统的 Laauzerte 元素为特色，使其成为独特的住宿。	1
This hotel is perfectly priced for a single traveller or a couple of backpackers.	这家酒店价格合理，适合单身旅客或背包客。	0
This icon was a gift to the Boy Scouts of Russia.	这一标志是给俄罗斯童子军的礼物。	1
This idea was first suggested by two lines of evidence.	这一想法最初是由两条证据提出的。	1
This immunity comes from the T cells and the B cells with their antibodies.	这种抗扰性来自 T 细胞和 B 细胞及其抗体。	0
This improves your heart rate, it improves your blood flow and improves your breathing to help you get more oxygen in your system.	这可以提高您的心率，改善您的血流并改善呼吸，从而帮助您在系统中获得更多氧气。	1
This includes a possibility for the driver to drive up to 50 kilometres on pure electricity.	这包括驾驶员可以用纯电力行驶 50 公里。	1
This includes but not limited to review of distance learning tools and delivery methods used.	这包括但不限于审查远程学习工具和使用的授课方法。	1
This includes the shared areas of houses in multiple occupation.	This includes the shared areas of houses in multiple occupation.	2
This increases evaporation by mixing dry air down to the surface and moist air upwards.	这会通过将干燥空气向下混合到表面和向上混合湿空气来增加蒸发量。	1
This information was used to predict portfolio performance in various economic environments.	这些信息用于预测不同经济环境下的投资组合表现。	0
This intimate and charming hotel is set on a hill in the tranquil orange groves of Ludo Valley, overlooking the Ria Formosa nature reserve.	这家温馨迷人的酒店坐落在卢多山谷宁静的橙色树林中的一座山上，俯瞰里亚福尔摩沙自然保护区。	1
This intimate knowledge of her youthful audience comes from the Alcott looking back at her own early days, and producing from her own experiences, realistic adventures for the characters in Little Women.	这种对年轻观众的亲密了解来自阿尔科特，她回顾了自己的早期，并从她自己的经验中为《小女人》中的角色创造了现实的冒险。	2
This intimidation certainly illustrates the competing interests of some officers in a trial that is clearly already a stain on the region and its respect for due process.	这种恐吓肯定表明，一些军官在审判中的利益是相互竞争的，而审判显然已经是该地区的污点，也是对正当程序的尊重。	2
This in turn reduces the amount of typing to produce a statement.	这反过来会减少生成语句的键入量。	0
This invention also relates to the transformed cells and seeds and to the fertile plants grown from the transformed cells and to their pollen.	这一发明还涉及转化后的细胞和种子，以及从转化后的细胞中生长的肥沃植物及其花粉。	1
This is a 1940's cottage that has been refurbished and will be the perfect home for winter.	这是一座 20 世纪 40 年代的小屋，经过翻新，将是冬季的理想住所。	0
This is a basic introduction to the Christian faith and it is open to everyone regardless of whatever their stage of faith is.	这是对基督教信仰的基本介绍，对每个人都是开放的——不管他们的信仰是什么阶段。	1
This is a beautiful book which would make an excellent holiday gift.	这是一本漂亮的书，将会成为一个很棒的节日礼物。	1
This is a book about recreational slowpitch softball.	这是一本关于娱乐慢跑垒球的书。	1
This is a celebration of some of the charming vocal and chamber music that made Arne one of the most famous British composers.	这是对一些迷人的声音和室内音乐的庆祝，这些音乐使阿恩成为英国最著名的作曲家之一。	1
This is a chance to choose for or against the annexation.	这是一个选择兼并或反对兼并的机会。	1
This is achieved by a technique that writes to both file servers simultaneously, resulting in no single point of failure in the storage subsystem.	这是通过一种同时写入两个文件服务器的技术实现的，从而在存储子系统中不会出现单点故障。	1
This is a classic old school rap album from 1986.	这是 1986 年的经典老学校说唱专辑。	2
This is a collection of scale models I have built over the years.	这是我多年来建立的规模模型的集合。	1
This is a compilation of the texts that, taken together, comprise almost everything we have of Epictetus, the Stoic philosopher who might have some claim to be considered the most influential classical writer on ethics and practical morality.	这是一份汇编，汇集了我们所拥有的几乎所有关于 Epictetus 的文本， Epictoetus 是一位哲学哲学家，他可能有一些人声称自己是最有影响力的伦理和实际道德的古典作家。	1
This is a completely independent event and it involves only believers.	这是一个完全独立的事件，只涉及信徒。	0
This is a corruption of filth in our society which is growing and getting stronger like a bad virus and it must stop.	这是我们社会中的一种污秽的腐败，这种腐败像一种坏病毒一样不断增长和变得更加强大，必须停止。	0
This is a critical piece of economic data released shortly after the month ends and always shake the Aussie.	这是一份在月末后不久发布的重要经济数据，总是动摇澳大利亚人。	1
This is actually not arbitrary wellness and fitness hardware that one observe in the market.	这实际上并不是人们在市场上看到的任意健身器材。	1
This is a definate vacation spot when visiting the Central Coast.	这是游览中央海岸时的一个绝对的度假胜地。	0
This is a doc who is specializes in correcting the shape or positions of all your teeth through dentistry, or braces.	这是一位专门通过牙科或牙齿矫正牙齿形状或位置的医生。	2
This is a field position that will service the Quad Cities territory.	这是一个为四城地区提供服务的实地职位。	1
This is a gem of a dvd it makes u want to go straight to PARIS it shows some of its hidden beauties Bourdain in fine style.	这是 DVD 中的一颗宝石，它让你想直接去巴黎，它展示了它隐藏的美丽的波德因风格。	2
This is a general guide for those undertaking projects which may require a permit from the Lake George Park Commission (LGPC).	本指南适用于那些需要获得乔治湖公园委员会（ LGPC ）许可的项目。	0
This is a good little dishbrush, the colours brighten up the boring job of washing up!	这是一个很好的小碟子，颜色让人觉得洗得太无聊了！	2
This is a great beginning to what should became an amazing story!	这是一个很好的开始，应该成为一个令人惊叹的故事！	2
This is a great little program to use without me upgrading to Window 7.	这是一个很好的小程序，如果我不升级到 Window 7 ，就可以使用。	2
This is a great opportunity to learn more about this history and geography of the area.	这是一个了解该地区历史和地理的好机会。	2
This is a great way to get into single issues and save money.	这是一种很好的方法来处理单个问题并节省资金。	1
This is a great way to show your MLB team pride!	这是一种展示你的 MLB 团队自豪感的好方法！	1
This is a huge accomplishment as they were selected from hundreds of nominated students throughout Suffolk County.	这是一项巨大的成就，因为他们是从萨福克县数百名被提名的学生中选拔出来的。	1
This is akin to an terrorist not killing you because you suddenly proclaimed belief in the 8th century pedophile prophet Mohamed.	这就像一个不杀害你的恐怖分子，因为你突然宣布了对 8 世纪恋童癖先知穆罕默德的信仰。	1
This is a lovely set for a beginner, the information included helps to start your crystal healing journey.	这是一个适合初学者的好地方，所包含的信息有助于开始你的水晶愈合之旅。	1
This is also applicable to consequential losses and lost content in particular.	这也特别适用于间接损失和内容丢失。	1
This is also incredibly helpful for deciding if a book is helpful for research projects of various sorts and also for papers.	这对于决定一本书是否有助于各种研究项目和论文也是非常有用的。	0
This is a major difference between PC games and Mac games.	这是 PC 游戏和 Mac 游戏之间的主要区别。	0
This is an awesome drive at an awesome price.	这是一次很棒的驾车旅行，价格也很合理。	0
This is a new feature of the parental benefit regulations established in 2007, and it is the reason that many fathers claim exactly two months of parental benefits, and with them parental leave.	这是 2007 年制定的育儿津贴条例的一个新特点，也是许多父亲要求两个月的育儿津贴的原因，而他们的育儿假也是如此。	0
This is an excellent example of taking a stand and leading by example.	这是采取立场和以身作则的一个很好的例子。	1
This is an excellent move by Mythic to own up and count their losses now instead of later down the road.	这是 Mythic 的一个极好的举措，即现在就拥有并计算他们的损失，而不是在以后的道路上。	1
This is an important symptom of a profound transformation on a world scale, which at the present stage assumes its clearest form in Western Europe.	这是世界范围内发生深刻变革的重要症状，目前，这种变革在西欧表现出最明显的形式。	1
This is another one of the best gold funds around.	这是周围最好的黄金基金之一。	1
This is an outdoor venue by the main pool area.	这是一个室外场地，靠近主要的泳池区。	0
This is a reminder that the first meeting for the group will be this saturday starting off with one of my favourite meditations.	这提醒大家，小组的第一次会议将在星期六开始，是我最喜欢的一次冥想。	1
This is a result of the fact that internet casinos can be accessed from any personal computer that can connect to the world wide web.	这是因为互联网赌场可以从任何可以连接到万维网的个人计算机上访问。	1
This is a revealing book which, for the first time, investigates the central influence of feminism in the work of Le Corbusier; one of the most important and revered architects of all time.	这是一本令人启示的书，它首次调查了女权主义在勒布西尔作品中的中心影响，这是有史以来最重要和最受尊敬的建筑师之一。	2
This is a safety and liability issue for the district.	这是该地区的安全和责任问题。	0
This is a sign that various levels of government in the US have caught on to the benefits that marijuana brings.	这表明美国各级政府已经抓住了大麻带来的好处。	1
This is a simple reference program with names of the men in the Old Testament and their meanings in Spanish.	这是一个简单的参考程序，其中有《旧约圣经》中的人的名字及其西班牙语的含义。	0
This is a story of alien invasion and pandemic contagion that continues to develop with an obvious third book planned.	这是一个外来入侵和大流行病蔓延的故事，这一故事在计划中有一本明显的第三本书的情况下继续发展。	2
This is a superb farm with excellent views and is in close proximity to Kentstown making it idea for a residence subject to planning permission.	这是一座风景优美的一流农场，靠近肯特斯敦（ Kentstown ），是一个需要规划许可的住所。	0
This is a typical brood pattern for a young queen in good health.	这是一个典型的孵化模式，适合健康的年轻女王。	1
This is a very informative small book that made our trip to Cinque Terre more enjoyable.	这是一本信息量很大的小书，让我们的五渔村之旅更加愉快。	2
This is a win win situation for you and your message.	这对您和您的信息来说是一个双赢局面。	1
This is a wonderful story full of colorful characters and intricate storylines.	这是一个精彩的故事，充满了丰富多彩的人物和复杂的故事情节。	0
This is because a student needs to have a deep understanding of the topic in order to answer this type of question.	这是因为学生需要对主题有深刻的理解才能回答这类问题。	0
This is because it has interchangeable plates that one can use for different types of food.	这是因为它有可互换的盘子，可以用于不同类型的食物。	1
This is because most students with ASD can perform successfully after minor adjustment or modifications to teaching and assessment methods.	这是因为大多数有 ASD 的学生在对教学和评估方法进行细微调整或修改后都能成功地完成学业。	0
This is because of potential effects on business and the need for business to have a realistic time to prepare for and to make the changes.	这是因为对业务的潜在影响以及企业需要有一个现实的时间来准备和进行更改。	1
This is because the date on my computer is say 11th May, but it is really only the 9th of May, therefore updates for that day are always out of date by two days.	这是因为我的计算机上的日期是 5 月 11 日，但实际上只是 5 月 9 日，因此该日期的更新总是过时两天。	0
This is because the national cultures between Japan and Western countries are so different that it is difficult to partition out the impact of institutional influences independent of national cultural influences.	这是因为日本和西方国家的民族文化如此不同，很难区分独立于国家文化影响的体制影响的影响。	1
This is because the present system is provided with an image composer.	这是因为现有系统配备了图像编辑器。	0
This is certainly as challenging a Heisman race as I have covered in my six seasons of running this site.	这无疑是对希斯曼比赛的挑战，正如我在六个赛季的比赛中所说的。	0
This is certainly not the level of excellence that we strive for.	这当然不是我们所追求的卓越水平。	0
This is comparable to psychology articles often seen in schools and colleges.	这与学校和学院经常看到的心理学文章相似。	0
This is consistent with my experience and with the published evidence.	这与我的经验和公布的证据是一致的。	0
This is consistent with observations described above which indicate that xynA, xynB, and xynD are likely to be transcribed as a single mRNA .	这与上述观察结果一致，这些观察结果表明， XynA ， XynB 和 XynD 可能被转录为单个 mRNA 。	0
This is definitely going to be reflected in my group feedback form.	这肯定会反映在我的小组反馈表中。	0
This is due primarily to the high replacement cost of the roof and the probability of extensive damage to the interior of the home should the roof fail.	这主要是由于屋顶更换成本高以及房顶一旦发生故障可能会对房屋内部造成严重损坏。	1
This is due to the difficulties that arise in making restitution.	这是由于在恢复原状方面出现了困难。	1
This is EASY and makes the best bread.	这很简单，可以制作最好的面包。	0
This is equivalent to item 1, but could be easily generalized to more iterations.	这相当于第 1 项，但很容易被概括为更多迭代。	1
This is especially so where a disabled student has pointed out the difficulty that they face or has suggested a reasonable solution to that difficulty.	如果残疾学生指出了他们面临的困难或提出了合理的解决办法，这种情况就更是如此。	1
This is especially true with Federal funding of Quebec separatism.	联邦资助魁北克分裂主义尤其如此。	2
This is fiction based on The Ocarina of Time written for a fanfiction contest, and I will not receive financial profit from it.	这是一个根据《时间之花》为幻想竞赛而撰写的小说，我不会从中获得经济利益。	1
This is happening whilst the Muslim rulers wilfully and deliberately ignore the immense suffering of the Muslims in Sudan today.	这是在穆斯林统治者故意和故意无视今天苏丹穆斯林的巨大苦难的时候发生的。	0
This is his second year as Student Ambassador for Benson High School.	这是他担任本森高中学生大使的第二年。	0
This is hte teenager who signed her first record deal before she could drive.	这是一个十几岁的孩子，她在开着车之前签署了她的第一个记录交易。	1
This is important because the player only starts with one life point.	这一点很重要，因为玩家只能从一个生命点开始。	0
This is just another example of the tragedy it can be.	这只是悲剧的另一个例子。	1
This is likely to be particularly true of a typical user in commercial organizations who may not have the statistical sophistication of users of governmental data.	对于商业组织中的典型用户来说，这种情况可能尤其如此，因为他们可能不具备政府数据用户的统计复杂性。	0
This is mainly due to the fact that it connects up with twice as many wires as you would expect.	这主要是因为它连接的电线数量是您预期的两倍。	1
This is mostly available through business contract offers.	这主要通过商业合同提供。	0
This is mostly not related to the surgery, but rather illnesses or complications taking into account cesarean births are usually done for complicated pregnancies.	这主要与手术无关，但考虑到剖腹产的疾病或并发症通常是在复杂的妊娠中发生的。	1
This is much stronger without that first sentence.	如果没有第一句话，这就更有力了。	2
This is my 1st photoshop that I used the gradient tool for all of the shading.	这是我第一次使用渐变工具进行所有阴影。	1
This is necessary both individually and collectively and we have little choice but to adapt our lifestyle within the next 10 years.	这对个人和集体都是必要的，我们别无选择，只能在未来 10 年内改变我们的生活方式。	0
This is no less than an ideal walk experience by the sea.	这无疑是一次理想的海边漫步体验。	0
This is not a luxury Mandarin Oriental hotel or anything, but I definitely would recommend it to someone going to Aachen and looking to explore this historic city!	这不是一家豪华的文华东方酒店，但我绝对会推荐给去亚琛探索这座历史名城的人！	2
This is not always the same as the number of seats.	这并不总是与席位数量相同。	0
This is not and has never been the case in the United States.	在美国，情况并非如此，也从未如此。	0
This is not a satire story or a parody.	这不是讽刺故事或模仿。	0
This is not exactly a problem since I can use it, but it worries me a bit.	这并不是一个问题，因为我可以使用它，但它让我有点担心。	2
This is not meant to apply to the entire universe, but it does show that evolutionary concepts are influential and valid beyond biology.	这并不是为了适用于整个宇宙，但它确实表明，进化概念在生物学之外具有影响力和有效性。	1
This is not the final push of Saturn into Camcordia.	这不是土星向卡姆科迪亚的最后推力。	1
This is not the first time I have heard that Solomon wrote things other than truth.	这不是我第一次听到所罗门除了真理之外还写了一些东西。	0
This is not to be taken as professional medical advice.	这不应被视为专业医疗建议。	0
This is one of numerous questions that have never been satisfactorily answered by ardent supporters of this, at least not to me anyway.	这是无数问题中的一个，这些问题从未得到过对此的热情支持者的满意回答，至少对我来说是不是这样的。	1
This is one of the first sights we saw: view large Beautiful but not sunny.	这是我们看到的第一个景点之一：风景大而美丽，但不是阳光。	2
This is one of the great examples of how adults may support youth who are generally regarded as being inwardly focused.	这是成年人如何支持通常被认为是不受战争关注的青年的一个很好的例子。	2
This is one of the many factors which results in the cancer of sectarianism, which still blights our society.	这是导致宗派主义癌症的众多因素之一，而这种癌症仍在给我们的社会造成破坏。	2
This is one of the most beautiful sculptures at the cemetery.	这是墓地最漂亮的雕塑之一。	1
This is one reason why I am not a member of the MST even though I embrace a majority of the teachings.	这就是为什么我不是 MST 成员的原因之一，尽管我接受了大多数教义。	1
This is only a precautionary vulnerability but not a direct problem itself.	这只是一个预防性的脆弱性，而不是一个直接的问题。	2
This is part of the overall vision that He has given you, which will be updated by God as you go in the direction you have been called and chosen to go.	这是他给你的总体愿景的一部分，当你朝着你被要求和选择去的方向前进时，神会更新这一愿景。	1
This is people not responsible for what they are up to and they are letting us face the consequences.	这是人们对自己的责任不承担的，他们让我们面对后果。	2
This is probably a heretical and surprising thing coming from a senior pastor, but that is how important and profound it is.	这可能是一个来自资深牧师的异端和令人惊讶的事情，但这是多么重要和深刻。	2
This is probably the happiest moment of my life.	这可能是我生命中最快乐的时刻。	0
This is probably the largest online Bangladeshi stamps collection.	这可能是孟加拉国最大的在线邮票收藏。	0
This is really evaluation of the deteriorating stage of Nigeria.	这确实是对尼日利亚恶化阶段的评价。	1
This is remarkable as wool futures are likely to be well aligned with the commodity, being listed on the Australian exchange.	这一点非常突出，因为羊毛期货很可能与在澳大利亚交易所上市的商品完全一致。	1
This is significant if their new card has a lower interest rate than their...	如果他们的新卡利率低于他们的 ...	1
This is similar to how you might keep track of your own cash in your checking account.	这与您在支票账户中跟踪自己的现金的方式类似。	1
This is slightly ahead of expectations for the period to date.	这略高于迄今为止的预期。	0
This is so beneficial I bet Big Pharma execs are losing sleep over this all natural solution.	这是如此有益的，我敢打赌大法尔玛高管在这种自然的解决方案上失眠。	2
This is such a beautifull chapter and I am looking forward to reading the other chapters.	这是一个如此美丽的篇章，我期待着阅读其他章节。	2
This issue had a great ending that really hooked the reader.	这一问题有一个很好的结局，它真正吸引了读者。	0
This issue is made more acute, because there is a general lack of depth in staffing and resources throughout the malaria vaccine development field.	这一问题变得更加尖锐，因为整个疟疾疫苗开发领域的人员和资源普遍缺乏深度。	1
This issue offers an interesting set of essays on mostly medieval Arthuriana.	这期书提供了一套有趣的论文，主要是中世纪的阿瑟里亚纳。	2
This is that rare driver that adds meaningful yards to your game because you are further down the fairway, not deeper in the rough.	这是一个罕见的驾驶员，它为你的比赛增加了有意义的球场，因为你在球道的更远，而不是在崎岖的道路上。	2
This is the back of the baby jacket I was talking about a short time ago.	这是我刚才所说的婴儿夹克的背面。	0
This is the benefit of small talk and this is why we do it so often.	这是小对话的好处，也是我们经常这样做的原因。	0
This is the family name of the relevant investor 11.	这是相关投资者的姓氏 11 。	2
This is the fourteenth release from Cederteg Publishing.....	这是 Cederteg Publishing 的第十四版 ...	0
This is the kind of thing that the Times, in any other context, would pride itself on condemning.	这是时代在任何其他情况下都自豪地谴责的事情。	2
This is the last chapter that I wrote months ago. tell me if you are itnerested in me continuing.	这是我几个月前写的最后一章。请告诉我你是否对我感兴趣。	2
This is the last time we see Elle and Micheal together in real time.	这是我们最后一次实时看到埃尔勒和米夏尔。	1
This is the mass killing of a selected species.	这是对一个选定物种的大规模杀戮。	1
This is the moment when a payday loan becomes risky.	这是一个发薪日贷款变得危险的时刻。	2
This is the most common way in which energy and carbon enter the web of life.	这是能源和碳进入生命网络的最常见方式。	1
This is the motivational publication and you get special personality growth when you read through this guide.	这是激励性出版物，阅读本指南时，您将获得特殊的人格增长。	2
This is the only what I will accept.	这是我唯一会接受的。	0
This is the Pete they showed us in Chimera.	这是他们在 Chimera 给我们展示的皮特。	2
This is the right thing for Sony to do.	这是索尼应该做的事。	0
This is the season when homes fill up with gifts and guests.	这是一个家庭充满礼物和客人的季节。	1
This is the text that visitors see on you website.	这是访客在您的网站上看到的文本。	0
This is the time when the body is most likely to store nutrients in the best places for optimal recovery.	这是身体最有可能将营养物储存在最佳位置以实现最佳恢复的时候。	1
This is the top softener and is the leading salt free softner on the.	这是顶级软垫，也是上领先的无盐软垫。	1
This is to ensure the safety of the public at all times.	这是为了确保市民在任何时候都能安全。	0
This is to help us work better as a team to take your kiddo as far as possible this year.	这是为了帮助我们作为一个团队更好地工作，以便在今年尽可能地带领您的孩子。	1
This is to protect the investor in the event the business does not succeed.	这是为了在企业不成功的情况下保护投资者。	0
This is truly a breakthrough in sports performance training.	这确实是体育赛事训练的突破。	0
This is truly a love story and so much more than anyone could have ever imagined when given the idea of a threesome of the heart!	这确实是一个爱情故事，比任何人想象的都要多得多，只要有一个三人心的想法！	2
This is usually a very useful strategy for discomfort the net made easier They have solo manufactured transmission additional material, new music simpler to trade, small business function more efficiently, and information easy to access study.	这通常是一个非常有用的策略来处理不适网络变得更容易他们有单独制造的传输额外材料，新音乐更容易交易，小型企业功能更有效，信息更容易访问研究。	2
This is utterly meaningless, except that he now plays in the City that Logic Forgot, so any and all failures to pitch like he did for the Brewers last year are going to be treated as disasters.	这是完全没有意义的，除了他现在在逻辑所忘记的城市里玩，所以任何失败都像他去年为酿酒人所做的那样被视为灾难。	2
This is when we all come out of our hibernation and start planning outdoor activities.	这是我们所有人走出休眠模式并开始规划户外活动的时候。	1
This is where they beat the Panthers last night.	这是他们昨晚击败帕纳斯的地方。	1
This is where you showcase your writing ability to the editor; and, thus, it is important that the synopsis be written as painstakingly as the rest of the book.	这是你向编辑展示你的写作能力的地方；因此，重要的是要像其他书一样努力地编写概要。	0
This is why scientists studying evolution like to examine species of beings which have frequent generations like the fruit fly.	这就是为什么研究进化的科学家喜欢研究像果蝇这样的人类的物种。	2
This is why they make those back room deals to get elected.	这就是为什么他们做出这些后场交易以获得当选。	2
This is why we play good on other courses.	这就是为什么我们在其他课程上做得好。	1
This is why your agent needs to make sure the appraisal is accurate.	这就是您的座席需要确保评估准确的原因。	0
This is your opportunity to ask questions, present a concept and receive wisdom from Dr Braggs and your fellow ACI family members.	这是您提出问题，提出概念并从布拉格斯博士和您的 ACI 家庭成员那里获得智慧的机会。	2
This is your time to SHINE and celebrate your achievements!	现在是您庆祝成就的时候了！	1
This journey has now begun to get more difficult.	这一进程现在开始变得更加困难。	0
This journey takes Ichabod to Sleepy Hollow, where the locals already have postulated an answer to these mysterious murders.	这段旅程让伊恰博德（ Ichabod ）走向沉睡的霍洛（ Hollow ），当地人已经为这些神秘的谋杀做出了一个答案。	2
This just means we have to monitor the police and security services just like we already do monitor them for abusing their traditional powers.	这就意味着我们必须像我们已经在监督警察和安全部门滥用其传统权力一样，对它们进行监督。	1
This kit uses smaller mufflers and a resonator for a more agressive sound.	此套件使用较小的消声器和谐振器，以获得更强烈的声音。	1
This land ethic and policy has potential to benefit all and has deep roots in the history of economic justice.	这种土地伦理和政策有可能惠及所有人，并在经济正义的历史中有着深刻的根基。	1
This last point is usually made politely but the perception seems to be that we are a dull bunch, with our austere Scottish manager and his preference for energetic but limited scurriers.	这最后一点通常是礼貌地提出的，但人们似乎认为我们是一群沉闷的人，我们的苏格兰管理人员非常严肃，他更喜欢精力充沛但有限的信使。	1
This leads me to believe that even if we had broken to new lows, we likely would not have had an increase in this number, giving us another positive divergence.	这使我相信，即使我们打破了新的低点，我们也可能不会增加这一数字，给我们带来另一个积极的分歧。	2
This leads to inconsistent rulings from many courts, and frustration on the part of construction lawyers and contractors.	This leads to inconsistent rulings from many courts, and frustration on the part of construction lawyers and contractors.	2
This left a large piece of territory in northern Australia still technically part of NSW though physically separated from it.	这使澳大利亚北部的一大片领土在技术上仍然是新南威尔士州的一部分，尽管从物理上来说已经与新南威尔士州分离。	1
This lens is only for those who want to make money online with their own VRE (Virtual Real Estate) Empire.	这种镜头只适用于那些想通过自己的 VRE （虚拟房地产）帝国在网上赚钱的人。	1
This levy is set at a rate that most would agree is too low to compensate victims.	这种征税的税率大部分人都认为太低，无法补偿受害者。	0
This looks as though there might be two different benzaldehydes but this assumption could not be proved definitely.	这似乎有两种不同的苯醛，但这一假设无法肯定地得到证实。	0
This looks to be the case here as Arizona State tackles Temple in a game where the Sun Devils are underdogs in the overnight line.	这种情况在亚利桑那州在一场比赛中与神庙（ Temple ）的比赛中似乎就是如此，太阳魔鬼是夜线的下犬。	2
This machine can be supplied to operate fabrics from roll to roll or plait, or with various other fabric inlet and outlet options.	本机器可用于操作从卷筒到卷筒或布板的织物，或使用其它各种织物入口和出口选件。	2
This made for a somewhat long middle third of the book, where we get a lot of surmising and lot of visiting others for scant reward in the form of clues.	这使得这本书的中位子有点长，我们在这本书中获得了很多惊喜，也有很多人以线索的形式来拜访他人，以获得很少的回报。	2
This made me very anxious to get back to shore.	这让我非常渴望回到岸上。	0
This made Roy raise an eyebrow and he paused in his walk towards the shiny maroon Cadillac that was beckoning to them.	这让罗伊抬起了一只眼皮，他停下脚步，朝那闪耀的卡迪拉克马来，那是他们的召唤。	1
This makes it easier to keep your own custom ini defined checks between releases and download other users ini files.	这样可以更轻松地在发行版之间保留您自己的自定义 ini 定义检查并下载其他用户 ini 文件。	1
This makes it easier to locate and select a life insurance policy that will not put such a huge dent in your wallet.	这样就可以更容易地找到并选择一个不会在您的钱包中造成如此巨大冲击的人寿保险单。	2
This makes it ideal for backup and disaster recovery operations between remote offices and a central location.	这使得它成为远程办公室和中央位置之间备份和灾难恢复操作的理想选择。	2
This makes it more difficult to grow individuals to larger sizes due to simple competition.	这使得由于简单的竞争，个人更难以成长为更大的规模。	2
This makes it possible to know about pros and cons of the products.	这使得我们能够了解产品的优缺点。	0
This man not only passed through the whole of these stages, but he added muteness to his other eccentricities ; and in order to guard against any new phase in his conduct, he was placed under more constant observation.	这名男子不仅经历了这些阶段的整个过程，而且还对他的其他集中精神增添了好意；为了防止他的行为出现任何新的阶段，他受到了更经常的观察。	2
This manual will provide valuable insight and practical advice to address and overcome common problems and issues encountered on construction projects, both at the contracting stage and during construction.	这本手册将提供宝贵的见解和实用建议，以解决和克服建筑项目在承包阶段和施工期间遇到的共同问题和问题。	1
This mark allows consumers to quickly identify and choose products that can help protect the environment and are safer for families, such as green cleaning products.	这一标志使消费者能够快速识别和选择有助于保护环境和家庭安全的产品，如绿色清洁产品。	0
This masterful volume then proceeds with five empirical chapters employing the rhetorical perspective in order to examine a variety of topics relating to ideology and common sense thinking, using a range of different qualitative methodologies.	这本大师级的著作接着用五个经验性章节，从口头上的角度研究与意识形态和常识思想有关的各种问题，使用一系列不同的定性方法。	1
This material offers a great alternative and allows a whole new look at what contemporary furniture can be made for you.	这种材料提供了一个很好的选择，让您可以全新地了解现代家具是如何为您制造的。	1
This may feel surprising, but the latest fashion inclination for men with high sexually transmitted status was the apartment rental is a luxury village house, where you can easily hide from prying eyes.	这可能会让人感到惊讶，但对性传播状态较高的男性而言，最新的时尚倾向是公寓租赁是一座豪华的乡村房屋，在那里你可以很容易地躲避窥视。	1
This may occur because prostaglandins have a role in the regulation of blood pressure.	这可能是因为前列腺素在调节血压方面起着作用。	0
This meal includes two steaks, two choices of seafood, two salads, potato and vegetable as well as two delicious desserts at a savings of close to $50!	这顿饭包括两份牛排，两份海鲜，两份沙拉，土豆和蔬菜以及两份美味甜点，可节省近 50 美元！	1
This means it is possible to preserve your cat as well as your smelling senses at the same time and every person might be a good deal happier.	这意味着可以同时保护您的猫以及您的气味感，每个人都可能更开心。	0
This means that any time you want to take it somewhere a full cleaning is required.	这意味着任何时候你想把它带到一个完全清洁的地方都是需要的。	2
This means that if even if you were able to find a brand of RAM that was TWICE as fast, the overall system performance for most typical tasks would only improve by a percent or two.	这意味着，即使您能够找到一个速度是 RAM 品牌两倍的内存，大多数典型任务的总体系统性能也只能提高一两个百分点。	1
This means that the PAC Car would only use the energy stored in about eight liters of gasoline to drive around the globe.	这意味着 PAC 汽车只会使用存储在大约 8 升汽油中的能量在全球范围内行驶。	1
This means that the unbalanced centripetal force felt Isaacs trial in June connected.	这意味着不平衡的中心力量认为伊萨克斯在 6 月的审判是相互关联的。	2
This means that whoever is in the corner opposite is either just lit or fades into the background.	这意味着，无论谁在对面的角落里，要么只是被点亮，要么陷入背景之中。	2
This means that you and their mother have equal rights and responsibilities in relation to your children.	这意味着您和他们的母亲对您的孩子有平等的权利和责任。	1
This means that your money grows faster when it is in a savings account.	这意味着您的资金在储蓄账户中增长得更快。	0
This meant that I spent more time doing the creative work at an intuitive level while spending my conscious mental energy on group management.	这意味着我花了更多的时间在直观的层面上完成创意工作，同时将我的意识精神精力投入到团队管理上。	1
This media shift from longhand to dictation has been remarked upon by James scholars for the fact that it occurs at the same time as, and possibly generated, changes in his style.	这种媒体从长角向口授的转变被 James 的学者所提及，因为它与他的风格的改变同时发生，而且可能也会产生变化。	1
This mentoring program will help create alums that will have lasting relationships with RIT.	此指导计划将帮助创建与 RIT 有持久关系的 ALM 。	1
This method gives the instrument more intense sonority: from pianissimo up to penetrating power.	这种方法为仪器提供了更强的声级：从钢琴到穿透能力。	2
This method only works with a select few compatible games.	此方法仅适用于选定的几个兼容游戏。	0
This might allow an attacker to automatically input a file name in the file upload control and automatically upload a file to a Web server.	这可能允许攻击者自动在文件上载控件中输入文件名并自动将文件上载到 Web 服务器。	1
This might lead to significantfees in the law enforcement officials.	这可能导致执法官员的费用高昂。	1
This mobile looks great hung together with some of our other fish mobiles to create an individual aquarium!	这款手机看起来很棒，与我们的其他一些鱼车一起打造了一个单独的水族馆！	2
This model is used to investigate the effects of antithrombotic drugs on clotting time in vivo in response to a crush injury followed by arterial stenosis.	该模型用于研究抗凝血药物对体内凝血时间的影响，以应对继动脉狭窄之后的挤压损伤。	1
This monthly update of the schedule shall be required before the monthly Application for Payment will be processed for payment.	在处理月度付款申请以进行付款之前，需要对时间表进行每月更新。	1
This morning was cool and bright, cool enough that I was tempted to ignore the brightness and skip the sunscreen.	今天早上很凉爽，明亮，足够凉爽，我想忽略亮度，跳过防晒霜。	2
This morning we got up nice and early to finish packing and get ready for our Vacation.	今天早上，我们起床很早，完成了打包工作，为我们的假期做好准备。	1
This multimedia family atlas includes a huge information database with over 400 data fields and hundreds of photographs and videos in addition to beautiful and highly detailed interactive cartographic maps.	这一多媒体系列的地图册包括一个巨大的信息数据库，其中有 400 多个数据字段和数百张照片和视频，此外还有漂亮，高度详细的交互式制图地图。	0
This music is the roots of almost everything we listen to.	这种音乐是我们所听到的几乎所有音乐的根源。	1
This new facility will provide Arizona with the foundation upon which to expand its solar energy technology manufacturing capabilities and to support future CSP projects.	这一新设施将为亚利桑那州提供基础，以扩大其太阳能技术制造能力并支持未来的 CSP 项目。	0
This new generation of capable, visionary leaders will guide the University into the next decade and beyond.	这一新一代有能力，有远见的领导人将指导联合国大学进入下一个十年和未来。	2
This new labour are kicking them in the teeth and for our useless MOD to sit back and do nothing shows how ineffective they are.	这一新的劳动力正在将他们踢到牙齿，而我们无用的 MOD 却坐下来，什么也不做，这表明他们是多么的无效。	2
This new movement was based on the emergence of photography and expressed the desire of picturing the real thing instead of an impression.	这一新运动的基础是摄影的出现，表达了对真实事物的抗议而不是印象的愿望。	2
This notion should be clearly reflected in any future EU standard.	这一概念应在任何未来的欧盟标准中得到明确反映。	1
This occurred in women who had been attacked while sleeping in their beds.	这种情况发生在睡在床上的妇女受到攻击。	2
This occurs due to a swelling of the mucous membranes in the nose primarily due to the increase of hormonal production.	这是由于主要由于荷尔蒙产量的增加而导致的鼻粘膜肿胀所致。	0
This occurs when your blood sugar level drops below your target range.	当您的血糖水平低于目标范围时，就会发生这种情况。	0
This offer as to be the very best any where online.	这项服务在任何地方都是最棒的。	0
This ongoing pain and suffering and loss of amenity of life will be incorporated into the global award in this matter.	这种持续的痛苦和痛苦以及生活便利的损失将被纳入这一问题的全球奖项。	2
This online casino bonus is an amount of cash the casino provides you with whenever you deposit money into a merchant account.	此在线赌场奖励是您在将钱存入卖家账户时赌场提供的一笔现金。	0
This option insures that your keep yourself in the running for the end of season Overall Prizes.	此选项可确保您在赛季末的总体奖金中保持跑步状态。	2
This order gave us an excuse for keeping the paddles in our fists.	这一命令给了我们一个借口，让我们把极板放在我们的拳头中。	1
This orientation will give you a brief overview of what to expect of your online course.	此方向将为您简要概述在线课程的预期内容。	1
This page displays related tracks and alternatives to the track The night of a young hero.	此页面显示了与年轻英雄之夜相关的曲目和替代曲目。	1
This page will quickly describe the major features of both.	本页将快速描述这两种方法的主要功能。	2
This painstaking research allows many myths to be exposed and errors to be corrected.	这项艰苦的研究揭示了许多神话，纠正了错误。	1
This paint glowed an odd green color, and had the most unusual sentence on it...	这种漆面呈奇怪的绿色，上面有最不寻常的句子 ...	2
This paper discusses some of the results of the study.	本文讨论了该研究的一些结果。	1
This paper emphasises how triple bottom line decision making can assist in understanding the landscape responses of farmers.	本文件强调了三重底线决策如何有助于了解农民的景观反应。	2
This paper examines how EPA has implemented the statutory requirement for 5-year reviews and also identifies some policy options to improve the program.	本文件探讨了 EPA 如何实施 5 年审查的法定要求，并确定了一些改进该计划的政策选项。	0
This paper gives an overview of the programme activities and how the programme operates in relation to nutrition issues addressed by headquarters and needs of its Member States.	本文件概述了方案活动以及方案如何在总部处理的营养问题及其会员国的需要方面运作。	1
This paper has introduced a new hurricane index the Carvill Hurricane Index which accounts not only for the maximum sustained wind speed of a hurricane but also the size of the storm.	本白皮书引入了一个新的飓风指数—— Carvill 飓风指数——它不仅反映了飓风的最大持续风速，还反映了风暴的规模。	0
This paper is organized in the following manner.	本文件的组织方式如下。	0
This paper proposes a revocation model for delegated XACML.	本白皮书为委派 XACML 提出了一个撤销模型。	1
This park is known in the winter for its lighting display which is entirely volunteer driven.	这个公园在冬天以其灯光展示而闻名，这是完全由志愿者驾驶的。	2
This particular disabilities topic center contains mostly references to physical and sensory forms of disability, as other forms are adequately covered in other topic centers.	这一特殊残疾专题中心主要提到身体和感官残疾，因为其他专题中心也充分涵盖了其他形式的残疾。	0
This partnership enables Invertag to concentrate on the German market and to outsource the production of major orders.	这种合作使 Invertag 能够专注于德国市场并将主要订单的生产外包。	1
This part of the village has a number of substantial walls and buildings that are either close to or adjoin the highway.	该村的这一部分有许多靠近公路或与公路相邻的实质性墙壁和建筑。	0
This past week as been pure hell with my parents.	这一周与我的父母一起简直是地狱。	1
This peer group of comrades I refer to are all of the Daddy Bloggers in the Blogosphere.	我所提到的这个同级同志小组都是博客界的爸爸博客作者。	2
This person is also a helpful source of information and will coordinate activities with other people traveling independently through this company.	此人也是一个有用的信息来源，并将与通过该公司独立旅行的其他人协调活动。	2
This phenomenon of automatic appeal can eliminate accountability.	这种自动上诉的现象可以消除问责制。	1
This pic was taken at my fitting at my local bike shop, but I know that many other very well known shops in our area have excellent fit mechanics as well.	这张照片是在我当地的自行车店拍的，但我知道，我们地区许多其他著名的商店也有很好的健身机械。	0
This piece is part of a series that deals with death and what we leave behind.	这是一系列的死亡和我们留下的东西的一部分。	2
This plan will help us to build close relationships with our ministry event participants and the churches that our participants are involved in.	这一计划将帮助我们与我们的外交部活动参与者和我们的参与者所参与的教会建立密切的关系。	2
This pleasant café adjacent to the Taylor Studio, serves up excellent food.	这家宜人的咖啡馆毗邻 Taylor Studio ，供应一流的美食。	0
This Policy also covers PII which our business partners share with the Group.	本政策还涵盖我们的业务合作伙伴与本集团共享的 PII 。	0
This position in the Education department will help maximize retention of students and guide students through the completion of their chosen program by helping to solve problems and remove barriers to...	教育部门的这一职位将有助于最大程度地留住学生，并通过帮助解决问题和消除阻碍 ... 的障碍来指导学生完成所选课程。	0
This positive relation between the choice of a Big 5 auditor and capital issuance decreases as the strength of the legal environment increases.	随着法律环境的强度的增强，选择五大审计师和资本发行之间的这种积极关系也会减少。	0
This possible improvement to microJIT would reduce dynamic memory requirements at the cost of limiting some global optimizations for large bytecode methods.	这种对 microJIT 的可能改进将降低动态内存要求，而成本是限制针对大型字节码方法的某些全局优化。	1
This post has been extended since it was first published.	这一职位自首次公布以来已经延长。	2
This post is full of helpful details with regards to automobile fix.	这篇文章详细介绍了汽车修理方面的有用信息。	0
This powerful feeling took over any innate sense I had of doing sports for my own benefit.	这种强烈的感觉接管了我为自己的利益而做运动的与生俱来的感觉。	2
This premise can be seen as frivolous, however it is good to remember tea is an infusion, therefore the quality of water and of tea are of fundamental importance.	这一前提可以被视为无足轻重，但最好记住茶是一种注入，因此水和茶的质量至关重要。	0
This presents the opportunity for projects such as Babcock, Restoration and Farmton.	这为巴布科克，恢复和农夫顿等项目提供了机会。	1
This prestigious law award from Corporate INTL is awarded annually to the leading law firms for outstanding achievements in the key practices and a significant strategic growth.	这一由 Corporate INTL 颁发的著名法律奖每年颁发给在关键实践中取得杰出成就和实现重大战略增长的领先法律公司。	0
This price trend is similar but more muted for the weighted national MLS® average price, which compensates for changes in provincial sales activity by taking into account provincial proportions of privately owned housing stock.	这一价格趋势与加权的全国 MLS ® 平均价格相似，但相对较淡，后者通过考虑到省级私有住房份额来补偿省级销售活动的变化。	1
This probability depends on the interference environment, the distance from the aircraft to the receiver, terrain, transmission power etc. This figure has been generated using the Helios Mode S FRUIT model.	这一概率取决于干扰环境，从飞机到接收器的距离，地形，传输功率等。此数值是使用 Helios 模式 S 水果模型生成的。	1
This procedure facilitates comparisons among samples with similar compositions but having different mass losses at the end of a run.	此程序有助于比较具有相似成分但在照射行程结束时具有不同质量损失的样品。	2
This procedure should also be followed if any doubt exists between flight crew members.	如果机组人员之间存在任何疑问，也应遵循此程序。	0
This process is applied prior to major decisions and commitments being made.	这一进程在作出重大决定和承诺之前适用。	0
This process preserves the composition of neighborhoods for decades at a time.	这一进程一次保留了几十年的社区组成。	1
This product arose out of a need to provide a higher level of security in the local environment.	此产品是由于需要在本地环境中提供更高的安全级别而产生的。	0
This program will also provide for limited acquisition of material handling equipment and infrastructure development.	这一方案还将提供有限的材料装卸设备购置和基础设施开发。	1
This program will emphasize achievement on and off the field, as well as healthy eating and exercise habits for life.	这一方案将强调在实地和实地取得的成就，以及健康饮食和生活习惯。	1
This program would be a great resource for completely meeting standards if there were more activities and games that aligned with each standard.	如果有更多的活动和游戏符合每个标准，那么该计划将是完全符合标准的重要资源。	0
This progress is also attributable to our growing level of internationalisation – something which is built on products which address the needs of the global market.	这一进步也归功于我们日益增长的国际化水平——这一发展建立在满足全球市场需求的产品之上。	1
This project was the first major effort by the DNR to develop a trailway partnership with local units of government.	该项目是国家发展机构与地方政府部门发展铁路伙伴关系的第一次重大努力。	0
This property boasts of luxurious amenities and irresistible accommodation packages that are bound to make your stay extra memorable.	这家酒店拥有豪华的设施和不可抗拒的住宿套餐，定能让您的住宿更加难忘。	1
This proved nothing, if anything it proved him right and just as he was about to call them out as fools and liars the unrepeatable evidence came to light in the shape of Hiyori.	这证明了什么，如果一切证明他是对的，就像他将他们称为傻瓜和骗子一样，那不可重复的证据就以 Hiyori 的形式出现了。	1
This quest may include the ceremonial courting of a fair lady, yet its primary purpose often lies elsewhere.	这一追求可能包括一位公平的女士的礼仪，但其主要目的往往在于其他方面。	2
This Quicken acts like it is the boss to dectate the workflow.	此 Quicken 的作用就像要对工作流进行解码的老板一样。	1
This really is a one stop shop for any serious party goer.	对于任何严肃的派对爱好者来说，这真的是一个一站式商店。	1
This record is the first record in the first block of data sent, after the suspension has ended.	此记录是暂停结束后发送的第一个数据块中的第一个记录。	1
This reddened inflamed skin is called as wheal and this patchy swelled area is surrounded by the dark red circle known as flair.	这种红色发火的皮肤被称为小麦，而这种不成饼的肿胀区域被称为天赋的深红色圆圈所包围。	2
This red plastic eyeglasses has a sexy modern look.	这种红色塑料眼镜具有性感的现代外观。	0
This reference to his own work both pleased and saddened her.	这种提到他自己的工作的说法既使她感到高兴，也使她感到悲伤。	1
This refurbished stone built finca country house is ideal for two families or a large family, even a home and income; it lends itself to many possibilities.	这座翻新的石砌的菲纳卡乡村住宅是两个家庭或一个大家庭的理想选择，甚至是一个家庭和收入；它为自己带来了许多可能性。	2
This relationship has been going on for over a year-- if you have to play games then something is wrong.	这种关系已经持续了一年多了，如果你必须玩游戏，那就有什么问题了。	2
This release is perfect for home theater systems.	此版本非常适合家庭影院系统。	0
This remarkable 10 karat white gold 4mm wedding band maintains a truly traditional straight inside and original profile.	这支非凡的 10 克拉白色金 4mm 婚礼乐队保持着真正传统的内部和原始形象。	1
This remedy merits more consideration and study in other jurisdictions as a mechanism for ensuring accountability within the private water industry.	This remedy merits more consideration and study in other jurisdictions as a mechanism for ensuring accountability within the private water industry.	2
This report evaluates the size of the HSA market today and forecasts growth through 2011.	该报告评估了当前 HSA 市场的规模，并预测了 2011 年的增长。	0
This report may be reviewed by duly authorized committees of the Appraisal Institute.	本报告可由经正式授权的考绩机构委员会审查。	0
This report went to press less than a week after the doors closed on the biggest plastics show...	在最大的塑料展上关门不到一周后，这份报告就被压下了 ...	2
This requires a spray directed down into the area where the tip leaves join the stem.	这需要喷雾剂喷入叶尖与阀杆连接的区域。	1
This requires taking community participation in programming seriously.	这就要求认真对待社区参与方案拟订工作。	2
This resolution will be reviewed by the Staff and Faculty Senates later this week (as all changes to the constitution require).	这项决议将在本周晚些时候由教职员和教职工会审查（根据宪法的所有修改要求）。	2
This resulted in the submission of an LOI to develop learning material.	这导致提交了一份 Loi 来编写学习材料。	1
This resulted not only in growth in market share but also improvement in margins.	这不仅导致市场份额的增长，而且也导致利润率的提高。	1
This results in a level of accuracy that is far more neutral than commercial gray cards, which can often be well off the beam.	这会产生一个比商业灰卡更中性的精度水平，而商用灰卡通常离光束很远。	0
This rich. almost hedonistically dimensioned effort makes all the hard work worthwhile and as such has developed something of a cult following among enthusiasts of bold red wines.	这种富有的。几乎是全方位的努力让所有的努力都值得，因此在大胆的红葡萄酒爱好者中形成了一种邪教。	2
This rough narrative was presented to each participant, her corrections to chronological or factual details made and her response to the thematic interpretation recorded.	向每一位与会者介绍了这一粗略的叙述，她对时间或事实细节所作的更正，以及她对专题解释的答复已记录在案。	2
This rule would require the taking from some men of a part of their product, in order to bestow it on others who might be more necessitous.	这一规则要求某些人将其产品的一部分拿出来，以便将其提供给其他人，而这些人可能更有必要。	1
This same article also talked about the Schenectady & Southwest Railroad surveying for a line in the same region but they were starting their surveying in Arkville and going northeast toward North Blenheim.	这篇文章还谈到了 Schenectady & Southwest Railroad 在同一地区进行的一条线的勘测，但他们开始在 Arkville 进行勘测，向东北方向向北布伦海姆方向行驶。	1
This same principle applies when students fail a course which is a prerequisite for another for which they have already registered.	这一原则也适用于学生未能通过一门课程的情况，而这门课程是他们已经注册的另一门课程的先决条件。	1
This scratch is amost always invisible on the pictures and I'll wait for a larger need to get it fixed.	这一划痕在图片上几乎永远是看不见的，我将等待更大的需求来修复它。	1
This search proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that we had the best person right here.	这一寻找证明了我们在这里拥有最好的人的毫无疑问的事实。	1
This Section 10 shall apply only if the Employer has elected to permit Roth Contributions under the Plan as indicated on the Adoption Agreement.	本第 10 条仅在雇主选择允许根据收养协议所示的计划缴纳 Roth 缴款时适用。	1
This section does a great deal for the City.	这部分对这个城市来说非常重要。	1
This section makes references to terms and definitions declared in Appendix A .	本节引用了附录 A 中声明的术语和定义。	0
This section outlines the Jones model in general emphasizing the results that pertain to increasing team size only.	本节概述了 Jones 模式，通常强调的是仅与增加团队规模相关的结果。	1
This section was meant as my general philosophy not as specific issues related to Tankgate.	这一节的意思是作为我的一般哲学，而不是与短关有关的具体问题。	2
This seminar presents NBIC quality control requirements for making and controlling repairs and alterations.	本次研讨会介绍了 NBIC 在制造和控制维修和改造方面的质量控制要求。	0
This senior seminar is the culminating course for a concentration or focus on composition and rhetoric.	这一高级研讨会是集中或集中讨论组成和言论的最终课程。	1
This series of activities has been refined with use at the six test sites and has worked exceedingly well.	这一系列活动在六个试验场得到了改进，效果非常好。	0
This service is considered ideal, as has been done just to comply with the requirements of your car.	这项服务被认为是理想的，因为它只是为了符合您的汽车的要求。	2
This session will contribute to the training of young talent and the development of the industry in the future.	这届会议将有助于培养青年人才，促进未来的产业发展。	0
This session will help you relax, trust and stay calm with people in your life so you no longer need to push them away.	本课程将帮助您在生活中放松，信任并与他人保持冷静，因此您不再需要将他们推上去。	1
This setting is related only to definition of highest possible speed and highest allowed spin.	此设置仅与可能的最高速度和允许的最高转速的定义相关。	0
This shakeup in leadership, rapidly extending to all important posts in the government and economic apparatus, is reminiscent of the political transformations which accompanied the Moscow Trial purges.	这种领导层的动摇迅速扩展到政府和经济机构的所有重要职位，令人想起莫斯科审判清洗时的政治变革。	1
This shall not be construed as authorizing an independent role for the LPN.	这不应被解释为授权 LPN 发挥独立作用。	1
This should be described in a note; the treatment of payphones should be explained since these normally would be included as main lines.	应在一份说明中说明这一点；应解释如何对待付费电话，因为这些通常将被列为主要项目。	1
This should be entirely automated (initiated by clicking the green report button), but points can be manually added too.	这应该完全自动化（通过单击绿色报告按钮启动），但也可以手动添加点。	1
This should mean that the computer wil check the disk the next time you restart it.	这意味着计算机在下次重新启动磁盘时将检查磁盘。	0
This shows that there is a very sound case for capped data plans.	这表明有一个非常合理的上限数据计划案例。	0
This site cannot guarantee the accuracy of information presented.	本网站无法保证所提供信息的准确性。	0
This Site may be temporarily unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment.	由于计算机设备的维护或故障，本站点可能暂时不可用。	0
This situation may change in England and Wales, with the advent of the Serious Crime Act 2007 and the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau.	随着 2007 年《严重犯罪法》和国家反欺诈情报局的出台，英格兰和威尔士的这种情况可能会发生变化。	0
This situation may likely be associated with established democracies.	这种情况可能与已建立的民主制度有关。	0
This small figure was rubbed several times on the back of the initiate, on his spine to be more exact, and then the teacher Pacal Votan did his magic movements.	这位小人物在初创人的后背上被多次擦伤，在他的脊椎上更准确，然后老师帕卡尔 · 沃坦进行了他的魔术动作。	2
This small island is a melting pot of several cultures and cuisines and is home for almost 4 million people and a range of endangered species.	这个小岛是由多种文化和美食所构成的熔炉，拥有近 400 万人和一系列濒危物种。	0
This social exclusion and discrimination renders women even more vulnerable to war.	这种社会排斥和歧视使妇女更容易受到战争的伤害。	0
This Special Report includes a description of the duties of a conservator and compares this with the duties of a receiver.	这份特别报告包括对一名保守派的职责的描述，并将其与一名接受者的职责进行比较。	2
This species has many morphological differences based on locality, enough that some herpetologists have considered whether they should be classified as subspecies.	这种物种在地理上有许多不同，足以让一些海参考虑是否应将其分类为亚物种。	2
This specification constrains the slope of the profile to be equivalent across cohorts.	该规范将轮廓的斜率限制为在各组中相等。	1
This story shows potential along with great writing, so I look forward to the next chapter!	这篇故事展现了潜力，同时也展现了出色的写作能力，因此我期待下一章！	1
This study examined quality management by using a mixed methods design.	这项研究通过采用混合方法设计来检查质量管理。	1
This stuff was weak so I should be fine driving even in this shitty weather.	这些东西都很弱，所以即使在这个寒天我也应该开得很好。	2
This stunning Remote Control car is modelled on the stylish and newly released Nissan Skyline GTR sports car.	这款令人惊叹的遥控车采用了时尚且最新发布的日产 Skyline GTR 跑车。	1
This substance is not reported to be in commerce in Canada.	据报告，这种物质不在加拿大的商业活动中。	1
This suggests that prey quality is at least as important as quantity when it comes to evaluating the potential impact on the animals - a consideration that so far has been overlooked in most cetacean studies.	这表明，在评估对动物的潜在影响时，猎物质量至少与数量一样重要，迄今为止，大多数鲸目动物研究都忽视了这一考虑。	2
This suggests that vampires are meant to move to a new location every so often.	这表明 vampires 的目的是经常迁移到新的位置。	2
This system is so powerful that your dentures are cleaned, restored and ready to be reused after only 15 minutes!	这个系统的功能非常强大，你的假牙会被清理，修复，并在 15 分钟后就可以重新使用了！	0
This system is very dependent on the monitoring of catch per unit effort carried out as part of the continuous data collection programme.	这一系统非常依赖作为连续数据收集方案的一部分对单位努力的捕获进行监测。	1
This takes place after the lumber mill but before they go to Prufrock Prep and meet two triplets.	这种情况发生在伐木厂之后，但在他们前往 Prufrock Prep 并与两个三胞胎会面之前。	2
This tale of sexual awakening is nothing but a softcore travelogue through Hong Kong.	这种唤醒性的故事，只不过是香港的一个软性旅游故事。	2
This team consists of members from many different sites across the world with a unique role in maintaining standardized manufacturing processes at the lowest possible cost.	该团队由来自世界各地许多不同工厂的成员组成，在以尽可能低的成本维护标准化制造流程方面发挥着独特的作用。	1
This then presupposes the active intervention of the sociologist whose task is to bring out these social relations concealed behind a mesh of approved and organized practices.	这样做的前提是社会学家的积极干预，他们的任务是将这些隐藏在经过批准和有组织的做法背后的社会关系展现出来。	0
This thread creates a snapshot of those files if they have been modified and signals the appropriate SSU's to make copies of the snapshot.	如果这些文件已被修改，此线程将创建这些文件的快照，并向相应的 SSU 发出信号以复制快照。	0
This time however every face was a picture of concern.	然而，这次每一个面孔都是令人关切的景象。	2
This time I knew what pictures I wanted you all to see.	这一次我知道我想让你们所有人看到什么照片。	2
This time it was he who looked at Peyton for help.	这一次是他向 Peyton 寻求帮助。	0
This to me shows that our state forefathers respected individuality and respected the rights of others.	这对我来说表明，我们的国家先辈尊重个性，尊重他人的权利。	0
This tool looks very promising as it has an Automator action that will allow me to use it in my workflow.	该工具看起来很有希望，因为它有一个 Automator 操作，允许我在工作流程中使用它。	2
This total includes used space and unused space.	此总数包括已用空间和未用空间。	0
This toy keeps my baby busy & having fun at the same time in the car seat.	这款玩具让我的宝宝忙碌起来，同时在汽车座椅上享受乐趣。	1
This tract will make an excellent homesite at an affordable price!	这条路将以实惠的价格打造一个出色的家居！	2
This treatment is best done out in the early spring nevertheless it may be done at any time of year.	这种治疗最好是在早春进行，但可以在一年中的任何时候进行。	1
This trend in foreign aid is spurred by the tendency in developing countries to prefer bigger projects, which act and serve as sym- bols and provide political power.	这种外国援助的趋势是由于发展中国家倾向于更大规模的项目，而这些项目是作为财团和提供政治权力的。	2
This trip provided us with the opportunity to grow and mature.	这次旅行为我们提供了成长和成熟的机会。	0
This type of incriminating statement is frequently overlooked.	这种指控性的陈述常常被忽视。	0
This type of number plate can be displayed on the front ...	这种类型的铭牌可以显示在前面 ...	1
This type of treatment is called palliative radiation therapy and can improve patients' quality of life, but will not cure their cancer.	这种治疗方法被称为姑息治疗，可以改善病人的生活质量，但不能治愈他们的癌症。	0
This unit is a franchise location and is owned by PT Global Foods Indonesia.	该单元是一个特许经营场所，由 PT Global Foods Indonesia 拥有。	1
This unspoiled and natural forest environment is the unique source of Pycnogenol.	这一未受破坏的自然森林环境是皮克诺根醇的独特来源。	1
This urges churches and Christians to show the world the example of living according to the principles of cooperation, interdependence and compassion deeply rooted in the Trinitarian basis of our faith.	这就要求教会和基督徒向世界展示一个按照深深植根于我们信仰的三神基础的合作，相互依存和同情的原则生活的榜样。	2
This use of penalized likelihood is so far restricted to the situation where variables are measured on the same group.	迄今为止，这种被惩罚可能性的使用仅限于在同一组上测量变量的情况。	1
This valuable resource is essential for every church choir director.	这一宝贵的资源对每一位教会教务主任来说都是必不可少的。	1
This very lively part is substantially a counterpart to the second section.	这一非常活跃的部分实质上与第二部分相对应。	1
This vision must be carried forward not held back by dogmatic, egotistical people whose sole purpose is to destroy this wonderful system.	这一愿景必须得到推进，而不是被教条主义，自我主义的人所折回，他们的唯一目的是摧毁这一美好的制度。	0
This volume contends that failure to resolve these tensions among member states presents a major obstacle to European integration as envisioned in the Maastricht Treaty.	这一数量的文件认为，不能解决成员国之间的这些紧张关系是《马斯特里赫特条约》所设想的欧洲一体化的主要障碍。	1
This wall protector is constructed from vinyl and comes finished in white.	此墙面保护装置由乙烯基材料制成，以白色抛光。	0
This war is over and you have performed with great honor and valor.	这场战争已经结束，你表现得非常光荣和勇敢。	0
This was another pleasant looking camp site in amongst the desert oaks, however it was windy and very cold.	这是沙漠橡树中另一个漂亮的露营地，但是风很大，很冷。	1
This was a sign that the blade was very sharp.	这是桨叶非常锋利的迹象。	0
This was a survey report couple of years back on TOI and other national newspapers, since the survey was done, things have changed.	这是几年前在 TOI 和其他国家报纸上发表的一份调查报告，自调查完成以来，情况发生了变化。	0
This was based on the assumption that all soluble phosphate would be lost.	这是基于所有可溶性磷酸盐都将丢失的假设。	0
This was before we had paid memberships of millions of people.	这是在我们支付数百万人的会员资格之前。	0
This was condemned as unconstitutional by the members of CIMPEC as it was done without their involvement or approval.	该委员会成员谴责这种做法不符合宪法，因为这种做法未经他们的参与或批准。	0
This was confirmed by one user of a preparation manufactured by a company that is completely unaware of its special properties.	一名用户证实了这一点，该公司制造的制剂完全不知道其特殊性质。	2
This was confirmed by two independent pairs of witnesses returning from conferences who saw the light come down from the sky over the field at that time.	这一点得到了两对独立的证人的证实，他们从会议回来时看到了当时的光线从天空下射到现场。	2
This was especially true in respect to legislation pertaining to labour and social welfare legislation, and to the structure and operations of local government.	在有关劳工和社会福利立法以及地方政府的结构和运作的立法方面尤其如此。	1
This was first visit to Egypt and it will certainly not be our last.	这是对埃及的第一次访问，肯定不会是最后一次。	0
This was just you being a drama queen as usual.	这只是你像往常一样成为一个戏剧女王。	1
This was often an unpopular method as it made the bed hot and the person sweat.	这通常是一种不受欢迎的方法，因为它使床很热，人们汗流浃背。	1
This was proved in the Daily Monitor end of year poll that required the public to vote for the best sports personality of 2006.	这一点在《每日监测》年终投票中得到了证明，该投票要求公众投票支持 2006 年的最佳体育人物。	1
This was the first demonstration of power that Sita saw on Kalika.	这是西塔第一次在卡利卡看到权力的演示。	1
This was the first interview that was planned on the part of the artist before our arrival.	这是艺术家在我们到达之前计划的第一次采访。	0
This was the first snowfall of the winter that required plowing and everyone dropped the ball.	这是冬季的第一个降雪，需要犁地，每个人都投了球。	2
This was the inaugural year of the program, for which students signed pledges to adopt specific water conserving behaviors, and undertook activities in their classrooms and communities to encourage water conservation.	这是该方案的首年，学生签署了采取具体节水行为的承诺，并在他们的教室和社区开展了鼓励节水的活动。	0
This was the lucrative audience she wanted to reach.	这是她想要接触的利润丰厚的观众。	2
This was the movie that convinced the execs that Bale would make a kickass Batman.	这部电影让高管们相信，巴莱将成为一个脚手蝙蝠侠。	1
This was well written, although with many errors, the power of the emotions in it will resonate within any who read it.	这是写得很好的，尽管有许多错误，但它中的情感力量将在任何阅读者中产生共鸣。	2
This way you can assemble your own keyboard layout.	这样，您就可以组装自己的键盘布局。	1
This way you will also be able to detect weak showers which would otherwise get completely lost.	这样，您还可以检测到弱淋浴，否则会完全失去。	1
This week for example, she had them looking at the music Benny Goodman and Artie Shaw, comparing two of the most celebrated Jazz musicians of their period.	例如，本周，她让他们看着贝尼 · 古德曼和肖阿蒂，比较了他们这段时期两位最著名的爵士乐音乐家。	2
This whole process is just plain mind numbing.	这整个过程只是简单的头脑麻木。	1
This whole show is about flawed human beings.	整个表演都是关于有缺陷的人。	0
This will allow Quicktime to play Windows Media files natively.	这将允许 Quicktime 本地播放 Windows Media 文件。	0
This will be done through formal consent letters that includes the purpose and significance of the study and the reasons why their cooperation is needed.	这将通过正式的同意书来完成，其中包括研究的目的和重要性以及需要合作的原因。	0
This will be the bottom of the first line of the club name.	这将是俱乐部名称第一行的底部。	1
This will create a basic configuration file to work with.	这将创建一个要使用的基本配置文件。	0
This will depend on when you are able to have your study procedures scheduled for this study.	这将取决于您何时能够为本检查安排您的检查程序。	1
This will free up some space for those who are on the waiting lists for storage spaces.	这将为那些在等候名单上的人腾出一些空间，以便获得存储空间。	1
This will give us a better nights sleep than staying at the Monch hut, which at 3627m, almost guarantees a headache and nausea.	这会让我们睡得比住在长 3627 米的蒙奇小屋更好，几乎保证了头痛和恶心。	2
This will go towards covering part of the cost of refreshments.	这将用于支付部分茶点费用。	0
This will help them in acquiring eth preferred figure in the specified span of time.	这将有助于他们在指定的时间范围内获得优先数字。	1
This will help you to get back the alpha position.	这将帮助您恢复 alpha 的位置。	0
This will help you to increase the energy level of that particular space.	这将帮助您提高该特定空间的能源水平。	1
This will increase your company wealth through avoiding health problems, fighting fatigue and decreasing stress levels.	这将通过避免健康问题，消除疲劳和降低压力水平来增加您的公司财富。	1
This will protect you from claims that may arise during your ownership as well as ones that may not even surface until you are ready to sell your property.	这将保护您免遭在您拥有所有权期间可能出现的索赔，以及在您准备出售房产之前甚至不会出现的索赔。	1
This will pull warm air from below and push it out against the ceiling and down the walls.	这将从下面拉动热空气，并将其推向天花板和墙壁。	2
This will require coordination with the registrars office and will involve most of the brothers for construction and distribution of the kits.	这将需要与书记官处协调，并将使大多数兄弟参与建造和分发这些工具包。	1
This will select everything but the stomach men in black the biggest film in South America.	这将选择除黑人胃部外的所有内容，这是南美最大的电影。	2
This winning combination could face its ultimate test next weekend when the Eagles face the coach who knows Ryan better than anyone.	这一获胜组合将在下个周末面临最终考验，届时老鹰队将面对比任何人都更了解 Ryan 的教练。	0
This woman may be at a stage where she needs to talk about these things, externalising them rather than listening to her internal dialogue, over and over.	这位女性可能正处于一个需要谈论这些事情的阶段，将这些事情外包给外部，而不是一一一一一一一一一一一一一一地倾听她的内部对话。	2
This woman was a friend of mine and it is hard to see someone you care about struggle.	这个女人是我的朋友，很难看到你关心的人在斗争。	2
This worked for me to bring Petra back to life and complete the quest line.	这对我来说是为了让佩特拉重新回到现实生活中并完成探索之路。	0
This work is truly an excellent concert or contest choice.	这项作品是一个真正优秀的音乐会或比赛选择。	0
This workshop provides an opportunity for young people to engage in team building activities through the use of dynamic learning techniques involving horses.	这一讲习班为年轻人提供了一个机会，通过使用涉及马匹的动态学习技巧，参与团队建设活动。	2
This would allow any person to take any proceedings in the public law area and reliance would be placed on the discipline of costs to limit the number of these cases.	这将允许任何人在公法领域提起任何诉讼，并将依靠费用纪律来限制这些案件的数量。	0
This would be a mighty good time for him play the knight in shining armor.	对于他来说，这将是一个非常好的时机，他可以在闪亮的盔甲中发挥骑士的作用。	1
This would be a sign to let a child take dance lessons, but my mother stayed blind to that.	这将是一个让孩子上舞蹈课的标志，但我的母亲对此视而不见。	2
This would enable one to attract more number of customers to the sites.	这将使我们能够吸引更多的客户到这些站点。	0
This would include making revisions to the intersections to accommodate the new signal systems.	这将包括对交叉点进行修改，以适应新的信号系统。	0
This would make some queries like the query for coauthors prohibitively expensive.	这将使一些查询（如查询共同作者）的费用变得极其昂贵。	0
This written concern must be presented to the immediate supervisor who will have 5 calendar days to write a response and present it to the complainant.	必须将此书面关注提交给直属主管，主管有 5 个日历日的时间来撰写回复并提交给申诉人。	0
This year, the conference also plans to introduce new online tools to help participants connect, interact and maintain contact before, during and after the conference.	今年，会议还计划推出新的在线工具，帮助与会者在会议之前，期间和之后建立联系，互动和保持联系。	1
This year the peaceful Tibetan protesters were infiltrated and were misled to a wrong path.	今年，和平的西藏抗议者被渗透到错误的道路上。	2
This year we plan to concentrate on outreach efforts with respect to law students who identify as LGBT and allies, who are just entering our profession.	今年，我们计划集中力量开展针对那些刚刚进入我们职业的法律学生的外联工作，这些学生被认定为 LGBT 和盟友。	2
This year will be bigger and better for the experience.	今年的经验将越来越丰富。	1
Thomas Brothers Construction was the low bidder for the project, which will be paid for from state, city and Hamilton County funds.	Thomas Brothers Construction 是该项目的低投标人，将从州，市和汉密尔顿县的资金中支付。	1
Thomas Small is the main character who is living with his family in the Drear house.	托马斯 · 小人是与家人住在德拉尔故居的主要人物。	2
THOMAS What do you remember about Luke before he was murdered?	托马斯在 Luke 被谋杀之前，您还记得他怎么了？	1
Thorough genealogy will take some time and hard work to get everything you need but with persistence it can be accomplished.	彻底的家谱学需要一些时间和努力才能获得所需的一切，但只要坚持下去，就可以完成。	1
Thor twisted his fingers slightly under it, testing the shape and weight.	Thor 用手指稍微扭曲了它下面，测试了它的形状和重量。	0
Thor usually had often brushed them off with a deep laugh, but he would never have thought...	Thor 通常会用一个深笑把他们拉出来，但他永远不会想到……	1
Those approaches are devoted to scheduling by utilizing the price mechanism.	这些办法是利用价格机制来安排日程的。	0
Those are the Kindergarten hours at the school.	这些是幼儿园的时间。	2
Those arrested were charged with forming a criminal ring, aggravated assault and grand larceny in relation to recent disputes between rival gangs.	被捕者被控在最近敌对帮派之间的争端中成立犯罪集团，严重攻击和大盗窃罪。	2
Those beautiful golden eyes that Kagome would never forget about.	卡古姆永远不会忘记的美丽的金眼。	2
Those few who were able to flee fill his books anyhow.	那些能够逃离的人，不管怎样都是他的书。	2
Those five years also included many hundreds of live shows.	这五年还包括数百场现场表演。	0
Those improvements would be scaled back without the federal grant.	这些改进将在没有联邦赠款的情况下缩减。	1
Those indulgent laws Will not be now voutsafed; other decrees Against thee are gone forth without recall; That golden sceptre which thou didst reject Is now an iron rod to bruise and break Thy disobedience.	这些任性的法律现在不会被维护；其他针对你的法令也会在没有回忆的情况下被发布；你不接受的金怀疑者现在是一根铁棒，可以伤及和打破你的不服从。	2
Those interested in the technical challenges of making this movie will enjoy this interview with the editor.	对制作这部电影的技术挑战感兴趣的人将会喜欢这一采访。	1
Those judicial minorities that actually base opinions constitutionally instead of on international law are despised by the left.	那些在宪法上而不是在国际法上实际提出意见的司法少数人被左翼所鄙视。	0
Those of us who worked on the school newspaper gathered in the classroom that passed for our newsroom, but mostly we stood silently or sat staring blankly at nothing in particular.	在学校报纸上工作的人聚集在教室里，经过我们的新闻室，但大多数时候，我们默默地站着，或者坐着，对任何事情都不是特别的惊呆。	2
Those people who do not suffer from sinus infections also do not have a growth of fungus going on in their sinuses.	那些没有患窦性感染的人也没有在其罪恶中出现霉菌的生长。	2
Those seeking assistance need to be more specific about their needs.	寻求援助的人需要更具体地了解他们的需要。	0
Those weekly backups should be maintained for a month.	这些每周备份应保留一个月。	0
Those were the ones that intrigued me the most.	这些是我最感兴趣的。	0
Those who are directly hired by private organizations usually receives a greater compensation than those employed in hospitals and other establishments.	那些直接受雇于私人组织的人通常得到比在医院和其他机构工作的人更多的报酬。	0
Those who carry guns are the ones prepared to make the change come out in their favor.	那些携带枪支的人是那些准备改变的人。	2
Those who do need the income can choose to receive income payments until death or a specified date, whichever comes first.	那些确实需要收入的人可以选择领取收入，直至死亡或指定日期为止，以先到者为准。	1
Those who managed to find jobs are not likely to keep them long term, as drug users change jobs frequently and fail to progress to higher paying jobs requiring greater degrees of reliability or responsibility.	那些设法找到工作的人不可能长期维持这些工作，因为吸毒者经常变换工作，不能进入需要更高可靠性或更大责任的高薪工作。	1
Those who told you that you might peacefully prevent their execution deceived you.	那些告诉你你可能和平阻止他们被处决的人欺骗了你。	1
Those willing to discuss their unique applications in depth with our technical experts are the customers that can benefit most from dealing with Newform Research.	那些愿意与我们的技术专家深入讨论其独特应用程序的客户是能够从处理 Newform Research 中受益最多的客户。	0
Those with strength still left in their arms walked the bloodied field, carrying the bodies of friend to tents to be cared for and honored with burial and those of foes to burn piles.	那些仍有力量留在手臂上的人走在死地，把朋友的尸体放在帐篷里，以便得到照顾和荣誉，把敌人的尸体放在帐篷里焚烧桩。	1
Those words however rushed over Lily as did the wind, Lucius started to notice that the wind had picked up remarkably quick.	然而，这些话和风一样冲过了莉莉，卢修斯开始注意到风的迅速上升。	2
Though a festival was about to happen then as well.	虽然节日也即将举行。	2
Though he is only 15 months old and in perfect health at the moment, I live every day getting the most out of it with Indy.	虽然他只有 15 个月大，目前健康状况良好，但我每天都与印地人一起生活，充分利用它。	2
Though he knew that not much would help.	虽然他知道没有什么大的帮助。	1
Though her forehead must really hurt after all that punishment.	尽管她的前额在受到这种惩罚后确实会受伤。	0
Though I am curious about the platonic brotherly thing that Bev and Hotrod have compared to the sexual brotherly thing all the other transformer siblings have.	虽然我对贝夫和热罗特与其他所有的变相兄弟的性情兄弟相比的那种形式的兄弟情谊很好奇。	2
Though I do feel that for some bands, clubs and pre recorded music, that that dynamic impact could be right down the alley of what someone may be looking for.	虽然我确实觉得对于一些乐队，俱乐部和预先录制的音乐来说，这种动态的影响可能就在人们可能寻找的那条小巷里。	2
Though I guess it must have happened around that time...	尽管我想这一定是在那段时间发生的 ...	0
Though it may be difficult for the IRS to find you, it is your responsibility to stay legal.	尽管 IRS 可能很难找到您，但您有责任保持法律效力。	1
Though it pained her, Danielle took a small amount of comfort in knowing that their deaths were quick and that they felt no pain.	虽然这让她感到痛苦，但丹尼尔却感到安慰，因为她知道他们的死亡很快，而且他们没有感到痛苦。	1
Though rugby is our cause, it is the social aspect of our club that defines us.	尽管橄榄球是我们的事业，但我们俱乐部的社会方面决定了我们。	1
Though she seemed to have developed some resistance to the influence, its power grew as it got nearer.	虽然她似乎对这种影响产生了一些阻力，但随着影响越来越近，它的力量也在增强。	1
Though the means by which this is to be achieved is not specified in this particular report, indications have already been given elsewhere.	虽然本报告没有具体说明实现这一目标的手段，但其他方面已经有所说明。	0
Though the overall storyline was credible and probably reflects real life happenstance, the playing out of that story was a little too imaginative for me, preferring something a little more true to life.	虽然整个故事情节是可信的，可能反映了真实的生活状况，但对我来说，故事的播放有点太富有想象力了，更喜欢一些更真实的东西。	0
Though there are research that have been performed that have located acupuncture to be an ineffective cease smoking cigarettes technique, there are a lot of individuals who swear by the treatments.	虽然有研究发现针灸是一种无效的戒烟技术，但有很多人都对这种疗法发誓。	2
Though the reasons were falling away faster and faster with every passing moment, and each day I would spend a good twenty minutes after leaving in my car kicking myself for not having asked her yet.	尽管原因是随着时间的流逝而变得越来越快，每天我都会在离开汽车后花 20 分钟的时间，因为我还没有问她，我会踢自己。	2
Though the surge was strongly opposed by the Democrats, the nation seemed to have been left little choice.	虽然民主党强烈反对这一激增，但国民似乎没有什么选择。	0
Though while most of them are about to finish in a few posts, or has passed the point where anything else written will matter for the sake of this resub, I still want to point that out.	虽然他们中的大多数人即将完成几个职位，或者已经过了其他书面内容对这一重组至关重要的阶段，但我仍然要指出这一点。	2
Though you obviously said she was a princess or something?	虽然你显然说她是公主或某件事？	2
Thou who thinks to know Me, know that I am the untamed wind, the fury of the storm and passion in your soul.	你想认识我，知道我是无天的风，是暴风雨的激怒，是你灵魂的激情。	1
Three girls sent to a house of this kind found themselves prisoners.	三名被送到这种房屋的女孩发现自己是囚犯。	1
Three immediately adjacent keys produce a basic chromatic tone cluster.	三个相邻的按键可产生基本的色色调组合。	1
Three more crew members prepare to launch to the station.	还有三名机组人员准备向空间站发射。	0
Three people went to the hospital with injuries.	Three people went to the hospital with injuries.	2
Three teacher leaders suggested that a teacher leader should be defined as one who likes what he or she is doing.	三位教师领导建议，教师领导应该被定义为喜欢他 / 她所做的事情的人。	1
Three thousand of these cups have been sold or given away.	这些杯子中有 3000 个已经售出或被放弃。	1
Three thousand years later some Turks and Turkish Cypriots would try to use such influences to prove that eastern cultures predated Greek influence on the island.	3 000 年后，一些土族塞人和土族塞人将试图利用这种影响来证明，东部文化早于希腊对该岛的影响。	2
Three unique bundles will be available upon launch.	发布时将提供三个独特的捆绑包。	1
Through all this Kyou was sitting there, not paying attention to either of the persons next to him.	通过所有这些，你坐在那里，没有注意他身边的人。	2
Through her beachwear company Float, she gets to share that love with others.	通过她的沙滩服装公司 Float ，她可以与他人分享这种爱。	1
Through its Policy Research Fund, Status of Women Canada supported independent research projects related to human security, including the impact of the national security agenda on Aboriginal, racialized, immigrant and refugee women.	加拿大妇女地位局通过其政策研究基金，支持与人的安全有关的独立研究项目，包括国家安全议程对土著，种族化，移民和难民妇女的影响。	1
Throughout his harangue Standish had given Brice the impression of a man who recites a lesson taught him by another.	斯坦迪什在他的整个教程中给了布里斯一个印象，他给他一个男人的印象是，一个男人在背诵另一个教他的一课。	2
Throughout most of its history the territory that constitutes modern...	在其大部分历史中，构成现代的领土 ...	1
Throughout their history they had virtually no connection with nearby aristocratic Princeton University (where people like Einstein were working).	在他们的整个历史中，他们几乎与附近的贵族普林斯顿大学（像爱因斯坦这样的人在那里工作）没有任何联系。	1
Throughout their journey to the Antarctic Peninsula, the team discovered a new insight of the natural glory of ski mountaineering and in the depths of human relationship to mother nature herself.	在南极半岛的整个旅程中，该团队发现了一个新的视角，了解了滑雪登山的自然荣耀以及人类与大自然母亲的亲密关系。	2
Throughout the process amorphous calcium carbonate particles were observed, confirming their role in the crystallization process.	在整个过程中，观察到非晶钙碳酸钙颗粒，确认其在结晶过程中的作用。	0
Through SMARTCORP, our corporate customers can initiate transactions from their office locations without the need to physically send signed instruction letters and advices to First Gulf Bank.	通过 SMARTCORP ，我们的公司客户可以从其办公室发起交易，而无需向 First Gulf Bank 发送签名的指示函和建议。	0
Through the centuries, people who have prayed for a favor and been granted the favor use this festival to show their thanks.	几个世纪以来，那些为恩惠而祈祷并获得恩惠的人利用这个节日来表示感谢。	0
Through the death and resurrection of Jesus he shows the example and offers the power to love as He has loved us.	通过耶稣的死亡和复活，他展示了榜样，并提供了爱的力量，就像他爱我们一样。	1
Through the exercise of its influence, the media must contribute to bringing about greater understanding between cultures and nations.	媒体必须通过发挥其影响力，促进不同文化和国家之间的更大理解。	1
Through these interactions he grounds the models and metaphors of computer science and makes the underlying computational ideas more concrete.	通过这些互动，他建立了计算机科学的模型和比喻，并使基本的计算理念更加具体。	0
Through this, mobile phones not only function as communication devices but also as GPS locators and navigators.	通过这种方式，移动电话不仅可以用作通信设备，而且还可以用作 GPS 定位器和导航器。	0
Throwing his folder on the table with his usual anger, he looked around the almost empty room and grunted to himself as he sat in his chair.	他带着平常的愤怒把他的文件夹扔在桌子上，在几乎空荡荡的房间里四处看着，坐在椅子上时，他对自己也很生气。	1
Thunder shook the sky as flashes of lightening came right after, and strong gusts of wind joined in.	随着闪电的到来，雷声震撼了天空，强烈的阵风也加入了进来。	1
Thus, an evil will is one that is deficient, whereas a good will is whole and complete.	因此，邪恶的意志是有缺陷的，而善良的意志是完整的。	0
Thus, early in our lives we determined to study Southern history and determine for ourselves the true history of the South and the War for Southern Independence.	因此，在我们生命的早期，我们决心研究南方历史，并为我们自己确定南方的真实历史和南方独立战争。	2
Thus, epsins could function as adaptors for a wide range of ubiquitilated endocytic cargo.	因此，罪孽可以作为各种普遍存在的内核细胞性货物的适配器。	2
Thus, if either the percentage of sampled telephone numbers that was residential or the response rate in a site was different than expected, the allocation of telephone numbers was adjusted to obtain the desired number of interviews.	因此，如果抽样的住宅电话号码的百分比或站点的响应率与预期的不同，则电话号码的分配将进行调整，以获得所需的访问次数。	0
Thus, inﬂation hedging is a positive attribute of real estate and it serves as a reason for including real estate in many portfolios.	因此，通货膨胀对冲是房地产的一个积极属性，它是将房地产纳入许多投资组合的一个原因。	0
Thus, I was surprised to receive a Christmas gift from one of them today.	因此，今天我很惊讶地从其中一位得到了一份圣诞礼物。	1
Thus, the available experimental data indicate that under certain conditions, the effective spectrum of passive scalar fluctuations in the inertial interval becomes flatter than it follows from OK model.	因此，现有的实验数据表明，在某些情况下，惯性间隔中的被动标量波动的有效频谱比 OK 模型的频谱更平坦。	1
Thus, the elasticity of private consumption with respect to disposable income is set equal to one.	因此，私人消费在可支配收入方面的弹性被设定为等于一。	2
Thus the genomic constitution of the diploids has been classified as AB, and that of the triploids as AAB or ABB.	因此，多层结构的基因组结构被归类为 AB ，三层结构被归类为 AAB 或 ABB 。	0
Thus the objective of producing vast economic outcome and diminishing the ill effects on the environment is reached by the computer recycling.	因此，计算机回收实现了产生巨大经济成果和减少对环境的不良影响的目标。	0
Thus, there is no ground for a facial vagueness attack on the statute.	因此，没有理由对规约进行面部模糊攻击。	2
Thus, the Surbers experts conceded that the Defendant Doctors could not have anticipated death to result from the failure to perform an arteriogram.	因此， Surbers 专家承认，被告医生不可能预期因未能进行动脉造影而死亡。	1
Thus they prayed to the gods they were worshipping to send them help, but since the deities were busy with fighting their own wars, the prayers remained unheard.	因此，他们向他们所崇拜的神祈祷，以送他们帮助，但由于神忙于自己的战争，祈祷者仍然没有人听到。	1
Thus, though the other factors driving climate change have not disappeared, the human factor is now believed to be significant enough to be worth worrying about.	因此，尽管推动气候变化的其他因素尚未消失，但人们现在认为，人类因素的重要性足以令人担忧。	0
Thus, working with them also gives us the opportunity to learn from people who have very different cultural values and traditions.	因此，与他们合作也使我们有机会向具有非常不同文化价值和传统的人学习。	0
Thus yoga is the practical side of religion that tries to go beyond social gatherings and waiting for some kind of reward system after death.	因此，瑜伽是宗教的实用方面，它试图超越社交聚会，等待某种形式的死亡奖励制度。	2
Thyroid tumors may cause any of the following symptoms .	甲状腺肿瘤可能导致以下任何症状。	1
Thyroxin and triiodotyrosine enter the tissue cells of the body by passive diffusion.	甲状腺素和三碘曲棍球通过被动扩散进入身体的组织细胞。	2
TIC members know to spread their risk by not just buying in their own back yard, but in growth markets all around the country.	旅游业议会成员知道，他们不仅要在自己的后院购买商品，还要在全国各地的增长型市场中购买商品，从而分散风险。	0
Tidus and Wakka wanted to jump off board and save Auron while knocking the Al Bhed away, but the Al Bhed men raised their guns and pointed it to Yuna.	蒂杜斯和瓦克卡想跳下飞机，救出奥朗，同时将阿尔巴德击走，但阿尔巴德的人举起枪，将枪指向尤纳。	0
Tifa turned and stared at him with her mouth wide open in anger.	蒂法转身向他望着，她的嘴张开，愤怒地望着他。	1
Tighter marketing budgets and increased competition now dictate a change in strategy for marketing teams.	市场营销预算的紧缩和竞争的增加现在决定了市场营销团队战略的改变。	0
Till every one of us is dead and vengeful Armageddon has arrived.	直到我们每个人都死了，充满复仇的阿玛迪登已经到来。	2
Till now they have achieved copious success in various niches.	到目前为止，他们在各个领域都取得了巨大的成功。	0
Tim and our nursing staff will ensure that your surgical experience is as pleasant as possible.	Tim 和我们的护理人员将确保您的手术体验尽可能愉快。	0
Tim changed into a spare Robin suit Nightwing had convinced him into leaving at the cave just in case.	蒂姆换成了一件备用的罗宾西装，尼特丁说服他离开洞穴以防万一。	2
Time changes in Jodhpur are usually done to adapt citizen and tourist activity to the solar cycle.	焦特布尔省的时间变化通常是为了使公民和旅游活动适应太阳能循环。	1
Timely medical help is often the difference between life and death....	及时的医疗帮助往往是生命和死亡的区别。。	1
Time required to reach the road before, and time required to return from the road after work projects.	之前到达道路所需的时间，以及工作后从道路返回所需的时间。	1
Time stood still as I kept looking my mom in the eye.	我一直盯着我妈妈的眼睛，时间依然存在。	2
Time to take back our states rights that the federal government has usurped without proper amendments.	现在是时候收回联邦政府在没有适当修正的情况下篡夺的各州权利了。	0
Tim has a deep interest in early Australian history which has also informed his understanding of the way the Australian environment has been used, and often abused.	Tim 对早期的澳大利亚历史有着浓厚的兴趣，这也让他了解了澳大利亚环境的使用方式，并且经常被滥用。	2
Title Darbepoetin alfa similar to epoetin alfa in reducing need for RBC transfusions.	在减少对红细胞转移的需求方面，将德尔贝波廷阿尔法称为类似于大叶阿尔法。	1
TJ and I are also fond of blondes, but perhaps the Princess was not aware of this.	TJ 和我也喜欢金子，但也许公主不知道这一点。	1
TMF is currently donating Maximize Life wristbands to organizations that can use them to attract donations locally.	目前， TMF 正在向可以利用生命腕带吸引当地捐款的组织捐赠“最大化生命腕带”。	1
To accept you had to follow the instructions in that post.	要接受，您必须按照该帖子中的说明进行操作。	1
To access the back of the building a temporary stone driveway was put in which is close to the storm sewer line.	为了进入大楼的后部，在靠近雨水下水道线的地方设置了一条临时的石头车道。	0
To accomplish this uphill struggle and find paths that will help us learn and grow, we must listen well to instructions and create goals from our guides to avoid falling into crevices.	要完成这一艰难的斗争，找到有助于我们学习和成长的道路，我们必须认真听取指导，并从我们的指导中制定目标，以避免陷入裂缝。	1
To add a new map or template, click the Add New Map or Add New Template button for the item that you want to add.	要添加新地图或模板，请单击要添加的项目的“添加新地图”或“添加新模板”按钮。	0
To address these gaps, all stakeholders and interested parties were invited to comment on the proposals and to contribute suggestions to improve the level of compliance.	为了弥补这些差距，请所有利益攸关方和有关各方就这些建议发表意见，并提出建议，以提高遵守程度。	1
To add to that, Joomla makes it easier for developers to build custom site templates.	为了添加到这一点， Joomla 让开发人员可以更轻松地构建自定义网站模板。	1
To all of my beautiful fans, I am currently working on 12 stories - 9 that I have posted at least the first chapter of and two that I have only made hints about.	对我所有的粉丝来说，我目前正在制作 12 个故事，其中 9 个故事我已经张贴了至少第一章，另外两个故事我只做了提示。	2
To a significant extent, water will be the most important determinant of these population movements.	在很大程度上，水将是这些人口流动的最重要决定因素。	0
To avoid a situation where dishonest attestors issue larger number of attestations than the protocol prescribes (which would increase the earnings of the dishonest attestors), it is possible to appeal to standard auditing techniques.	为了避免出现不诚实的证明者发布的证明数量超过协议规定数量（这会增加不诚实证明者的收入）的情况，可以采用标准的审计技术。	0
To avoid such tragedy to be happened again.	避免再次发生这种悲剧。	1
To avoid the effect of outliers, we winsorized the observations following Cleary (1999).	为了避免极端值的影响，我们对 Cleary （ 1999 年）之后的观察结果进行了分析。	1
To avoid the potentially serious implications of data leaks and regulatory breaches, you must inspect the information you create and share.	为了避免数据泄露和违反法规的潜在严重影响，您必须检查您创建和共享的信息。	0
To avoid this dilemma, some have called for substantial cuts in government support for solar power.	为了避免这种困境，一些国家呼吁大幅削减政府对太阳能的支持。	2
To be able to work for myself, and eventually have enough investments to have the money growing on its own without me having to do anything.	为了能够为自己工作，最终有足够的投资，让钱独立增长，而我不必做任何事情。	1
To be alone on the streets is the hardest and most dangerous situation for any homeless person.	单独在街头是任何无家可归者最艰难和最危险的情况。	0
To be betrayed by the one he trusted the most, the SOLDIER was not sure he meant anything to anyone anymore.	为了被他最信任的那个人出卖，这名士兵不知道他对任何人有什么意义。	2
To be certain, buyers do have a critical role to play in enabling supplier ownership; however, it is only suppliers who can develop solutions that best meet their business priorities and are thus best positioned for real success.	可以肯定的是，买方在实现供应商所有权方面确实可以发挥关键作用；但是，只有供应商能够开发最能满足其业务优先级并因此最适合于真正成功的解决方案。	0
To be fair I would by lying to say there were no changes in the relationships with the family.	公平地说，我说谎说，与家庭的关系没有变化。	2
To be granted an extension, areas must show that attainment by 2009 is impracticable and that the area will attain the standard by an alternative date that is as expeditious as practicable.	要获准延期，地区必须表明，到 2009 年达到标准是不切实际的，该地区将在可行的情况下尽快达到标准。	0
To be held in aid of our Youth Pilgrimage to Lourdes.	为了帮助我们的卢尔德青年朝圣而举行的。	1
To be sure their religious rules and methods are no worse that those of Saudi Arabia a country with which we have pretty close relations.	为了确保他们的宗教规则和方法与沙特阿拉伯的规则和方法不会更糟——我们与沙特阿拉伯有着非常密切的关系。	2
To celebrate how frakking happy we are that he is still with us!	为了庆祝他还在我们身边的快乐！	0
To celebrate Thanksgiving we took a different approach due to the fact we are lacking a chef, the turkey, corn bread and pumpkin pie was crossed off the list.	为了庆祝感恩节，我们采取了一种不同的方法，因为我们缺少一个厨师，土耳其，玉米面包和南瓜饼被从清单上划掉了。	1
To collaborate with the CPME in the development of standards and requirements for the evaluation and enhancement of postgraduate education programs 7.	與中學院合作，制定評估及提升研究生教育課程的標準及規定 7.	2
To compensate for the initial borrowing, the government would have to cut future benefits so much that workers would gain nothing at all.	为了补偿初始借款，政府必须削减未来的福利，使工人根本得不到任何好处。	1
To complete the picture, IBM defined an API – SFAPI – that allows a custom importer to build the operation and message files associated with the node.	为了完成这一图， IBM 定义了一个 API （ SFAPI ），它允许自定义导入程序构建与节点关联的操作和消息文件。	0
To counter those emotions, I pursued the Lord through Scripture meditation and prayer.	为了反击这些情绪，我通过圣经的冥想和祈祷，追上了主。	2
To date, commercial mortgage performance studies have generally focused on an analysis of the mortgage asset while classified as debt.	到目前为止，商业按揭表现研究一般集中在分析按揭资产而将其归类为债务。	1
Today I am here to do the very thing I encourage others to do - to say yes to an amazing opportunity that has presented itself to me.	今天，我来这里是为了做我鼓励他人做的事情，对我所看到的一个令人惊叹的机会说是肯定的。	2
Today I had some questions for the HR folks.	今天，我向人力资源部门提出了一些问题。	0
Today I have uploaded a new gallery documenting this week showing some of the participants and their work, materials and natural inspirations.	今天，我上传了一个新的图片库，记录了本周的一些参与者及其工作，材料和自然灵感。	2
Today, increasing competition and decreasing profit margins have forced system designers to reduce next generation product cost while maintaining, or even increasing, system performance.	如今，竞争日益激烈，利润率不断下降，迫使系统设计人员在保持甚至提高系统性能的同时降低下一代产品成本。	0
Today is going to be one busy day.	今天将是一个繁忙的日子。	0
Today, leading hearing aid companies are striving to increase adoption of amplification via educational awareness and marketing of their devices in the hope of improving adop- tion rates further than they have been historically.	如今，领先的助听器公司正在努力通过教育意识和营销其设备来提高放大率，希望提高广告率，这比以往更好。	2
Today the Forex trading practice has become alpari forex quite popular in comparison to what he was earlier.	今天，外汇交易惯例与他以前相比已经变得相当受欢迎。	1
Today, the internet can provide small business owners with cheap marketing opportunities which may take time to build but can be just as effective as expensive marketing tools, if used correctly.	如今，互联网可以为小型企业所有者提供廉价的市场营销机会，这可能需要时间来构建，但如果使用得当，它可以与昂贵的市场营销工具一样有效。	1
Today was finally the day me and the others planned to go to the beach!	今天是我和其他人计划去海滩的最后一天！	1
Today we are going to do something a little different and we have my Gamo air rifle and plenty of Coke, so obviously we had to shake one up and shoot it no?	今天我们将做一些不同的事情，我们有我的伽马式气步枪和大量的可乐，所以显然我们必须摇晃一支，不发射？	2
Today you can gain the benefits and profits the construction industry gets.	如今，您可以获得建筑行业所获得的好处和利润。	0
Toddler awarded the seal of acceptance leather baby.	学步儿童获得了认可皮质宝宝的印章。	2
To delimit the interactions in such models, we introduce a cutoff to the permitted number of nearest neighbors.	为了界定此类模型中的相互作用，我们引入了对允许的最近邻居数量的限制。	1
To demonstrate seriousness to the cause they were embarking on, the Progressives are tinkering with the idea of storming the court to legalise their fight against the Speaker of the House of Representatives.	为了表明他们所从事的事业的认真性，进步运动正在研究打击议会议长的斗争是否合法的想法。	2
To designed your personal flashlight you have to pass through 3 simple steps answering lady flesh light a sipmple question inside each lady flesh light step.	为了设计个人手电筒，你必须经过 3 个简单的步骤，回答女士的肉灯每个女士的肉灯步骤内的一个小问题。	1
To determine the value of a sequence of pending payments you need to indicate a comparison net yield, which could be obtained alternatively with the capital.	要确定一系列待付付款的价值，您需要指明比较净收益率，该净收益率可以与资本一起获得。	1
To do so, they must fill out and sign the form provided in the attached application and send it by post to the Banco de España offices where they hold their account.	为此，他们必须填写并签署所附申请中提供的表格，并将其邮寄给他们持有账户的 Banco de España í a 办事处。	0
To do that we must constantly set our mind and heart toward the habit of seeing and acting as if every woman and man is our sister and brother in Christ.	要做到这一点，我们必须不断地将我们的思想和心放在看和行动的习惯上，就像每一个女人和男人都是我们在基督中的姐妹和兄弟。	1
To do this, select all the file and folder buttons on the toolbar of the report filter to be shown in the report, followed by initiating filtering.	要执行此操作，请选择报告过滤器工具栏上要在报告中显示的所有文件和文件夹按钮，然后启动过滤。	0
To echo the words of the Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, Claude Allen, these are issues that we in the Department have been confronting and working to resolve for many years.	正如卫生和人类服务部副部长克洛德 · 艾伦所说，这些问题是我们在该部多年来一直面临并努力解决的问题。	1
To encourage students to read with family members and get to know their public library.	鼓励学生与家人一起阅读并了解他们的公共图书馆。	1
To examine carefully the options before launching a virtual reference service they cite grim statistics and scary photos.	为了在启动虚拟参考服务之前仔细检查选项，他们引用了严峻的统计数据和可怕的照片。	1
To exist as one state you need to share certain attributes, have things in common.	要作为一个状态存在，您需要共享某些属性，需要有共同点。	1
To experience cellular renewal or for more information, we invite you to contact the person who sent you this document and ask for a free sample.	要体验手机更新或获取更多信息，我们邀请您联系向您发送此文档的人员，并要求您提供免费样本。	1
To find out prices and availability for the Hatchet Resort simply click the button above.	要了解 Hatchet 度假村的价格和可用性，只需单击上面的按钮。	1
To find out, we turn to the only real evidence we have of prehistoric life, our bone and shell guide to the past - the fossil record.	为了了解这一点，我们转而寻找我们所掌握的关于史前生命的唯一真实证据，我们的骨和壳引导我们了解过去的历史——化石记录。	1
To follow up what action should be taken to promote this, we discovered that mayors are the key to nursing anchor nursery development.	为了跟进应该采取什么行动来促进这一目标，我们发现市长是护理学的核心苗圃开发的关键。	1
To forbid flag burning is to forbid you from disposing of your property in ways that offend others.	禁止燃旗是禁止您以冒犯他人的方式处置您的财产。	0
To gain knowledge about recent developments in criminal justice.	了解刑事司法的最新发展。	0
To generate connections with other market agents (like the fisherman who calls different markets to see which has the best price) is generating wealth.	与其他市场代理商（如渔民，他们致电不同市场以了解哪个市场价格最优）建立联系，正在创造财富。	1
Together we have found new ways To live and love and remember the life.	我们一起找到了新的生活方式，爱和记忆生活。	1
Together with a small but courageous band of companions , he began that work of evangelization to which he had so long looked forward , setting sail from Britain and landing in Friesland .	他和一小群勇敢的同伴一起开始了他长期以来一直期待的福音传道工作，从英国启航，降落在弗里斯兰。	1
To get there, the just unveiled scheme of structural rearrangements for the central government will only be a starting step forward, as it will be a government with the resolve to target the scalpel of reform at itself.	为实现这一目标，刚刚公布的中央政府结构调整方案只能是向前迈出的第一步，因为它将是一个决心把改革的目标放在自身的政府。	1
To guard from losing time with superficial chatting while online when I really need to do research or write emails, papers, or blog posts, I simply keep myself logged out of Google Talk and Facebook chat.	当我真的需要研究或撰写电子邮件，论文或博客帖子时，为了避免在网上出现肤浅的聊天，我只需保持自己注销 Google Talk 和 Facebook 聊天。	1
To her right Usagi spun around to face her.	在她的右边， Usagi 朝她转了转。	2
To his credit, Amit ends up in a jam when he teases Neha (Raima Sen) and Nisha (Ria Sen) on the very first day of college and manages to drag poor Jai into this mess ...	值得称赞的是，阿米特在大学的第一天就把尼哈（ Raima Sen ）和尼沙（ Ria Sen ）拉进去，并设法把可怜的杰拉入混乱中，最终陷入了一场僵局。	2
To his surprise, he saw lying upon the grass a young girl of most exquisite beauty, whose rose was composed of the plumes of the 288 swan.	令他惊讶的是，他看到一个最美丽的年轻女孩躺在草地上，她的玫瑰是由 288 天鹅的羽流组成的。	2
To include a close bracket in the set, make it the first character after the open bracket or the circumflex; any other position will end the set.	要在套件中包括一个闭括号，请将其设为开括号或圆周线后的第一个字符；任何其他位置都将结束套件。	2
To include the value of fish and seafood inputs in the calculation of impacts for processors would double count impacts for these fish and seafood inputs.	在计算加工者的影响时纳入鱼类和海产食品投入的价值将使这些鱼类和海产食品投入的影响加倍。	1
To join or connect together loosely to allow motion between the parts.	松散地连接或连接在一起以允许零件之间移动。	1
To learn more about our organization and how you can participate, please select one of the following categories.	要了解有关我们组织以及您如何参与的更多信息，请选择以下类别之一。	0
To lend a more decorative touch use your creativity to make a beautiful bow.	用你的创造力创造出一个美丽的弓，以增加装饰的感觉。	2
To make changes to the quality of the video, click on the Video tab at the top left of the Cinematize window.	要更改视频质量，请单击“ Cinematize （电影化）”窗口左上角的“ Video （视频）”选项卡。	2
To make practical decisions in the catheterization laboratory when determining whether a coronary intervention will be useful, FFR is usually sufficient.	在确定冠状动脉介入是否有用时，要在导管插入术实验室中做出实际决策， FFR 通常就足够了。	0
To make the chili paste - Add all the ingredients from Coconut to Corrainder seeds and grind it to smooth paste by adding little water as required.	要制作辣椒酱 - 将椰汁和玉莲籽中的所有成分加入，并根据需要添加少量水，将其磨成光滑的酱料。	0
To make this easier, we create the code that you or your webmaster easily can insert into the web page.	为了使这一点更容易，我们创建了您或您的网站管理员可以轻松插入到网页中的代码。	0
To many people the technology still seems very new but it has been five years since the first discs went on sale to consumers.	对许多人来说，这项技术似乎仍然很新，但自从第一批光盘向消费者出售以来，已经有五年了。	0
To me and thee that seems more important.	对我和你来说，这似乎更重要。	0
Tommy and Al welcome some of the new members to the forum who have posted their extraordinary work.	汤米和阿尔欢迎论坛的一些新成员发表了他们的非凡工作。	2
To much attention and money is being thrown at this pointless argument when we should be concentrating on things that are proven to be more beneficial for the environment.	当我们应该集中精力处理那些被证明对环境更有利的事情时，人们对这一毫无意义的论点投入了大量的注意力和资金。	0
To much dcor can make it look cluttered instead of lavish.	许多 dcor 会使它看起来混乱而不是奢侈。	1
Tone and diction is what a person has to pay attention to.	语气和预测是人们必须关注的。	1
Tonight they were going to the cinema to see some Barbie and Unicorns Go To Magical Fairy Flower Universe film.	今晚他们去电影院看一些芭比和独角兽去看神奇的仙女花宇宙电影。	2
Tons of track time and lots of good people.	数吨的赛道时间和许多好的人。	2
Tony concluded this item with the comment that this exercise might be considered a dress rehearsal for 2013 when the NDMC property will probably become available.	Tony 在结束这一项目时评论说，这项练习可能被视为 2013 年的服装排练，届时 NDMC 财产可能会推出。	1
Too bad it would never amount to anything.	太糟糕了，它永远不会是什么。	2
Too little coolant flow can be bad, but at normal and high operating temperatures, the rate at which coolant moves through the radiator does not change the amount of heat that is dissipated by the cooling cores.	冷却液流量过小可能会带来不良影响，但在正常和高工作温度下，冷却液流过散热器的速率不会改变冷却芯散热的热量量。	1
Tools adapted to make gardening easier for elderly, disabled gardeners and people with a bad back - The Long reach, stainless steel gardening tools.	适合老年人，残疾园艺员和背部不好的人的园艺工具 - 长距离不锈钢园艺工具。	0
Too many tour buses swamping the villages around the Loch and the castle which I thought was going to be this grand ruin turned out to be a bit rubbish.	有太多的旅游巴士游遍了 Loch 周围的村庄和城堡，我认为这将是一个大废墟，结果是有点垃圾。	2
Too many TV programmes explaining how to buy for rental.	有太多的电视节目解释如何购买出租 .	2
Too many young women walking around the Ohio State Fair carrying copies of that morning' s local newspaper.	太多的年轻女性在俄亥俄州立博览会上四处走动，携带着当天早晨的当地报纸。	1
Too scared to carry on he clings on to a rail hanging overhead and hoists himself up onto it.	他太害怕了，不敢继续在头顶上的一条铁路上晃动，自己就在上面晃动了。	2
To others full facial hair is a sign that a boy has ...	对其他人来说，足部面部毛发是一个男孩拥有的标志 ...	0
Top Forum Discussion Response to an article Ever thought a Ford Festiva could do...	顶级论坛讨论对福特 · 菲斯蒂娃曾经认为可以做到的一篇文章的回应 ...	2
Topics include a historical perspective on medicine and how drugs are developed, how specific diseases are treated, and the effects of illegal drugs on the individual and society.	主题包括从历史角度看待医学，药物的发展，具体疾病的治疗以及非法药物对个人和社会的影响。	0
Topics include the structure and processes for managing the organization as a system in a dynamic environment, corporate social responsibility and international dimensions.	主题包括在动态环境中将组织作为一个系统进行管理的结构和流程，公司的社会责任和国际层面。	0
To prevent electrical shorts and potential damage to the thermostat, make sure all wire connections are secure and not touching each other.	为防止电气短路和对节温器的潜在损坏，请确保所有电线连接牢固且不会相互接触。	0
To prevent more damage to colored hair, let your hair grow out or opt for a new hair cut or style instead.	为避免对彩色头发造成更多伤害，请让头发长出，或者选择新的理发或发型。	1
To produce a note of a given pitch.	生成给定节距的注释。	2
To reduce errors, a post-OPC verification step is needed to detect failures before a design is sent to the mask or wafer manufacturer.	为了减少错误，需要在将设计发送到掩码或晶圆制造商之前执行 OPC 后验证步骤来检测故障。	1
To reduce your risk of developing type 2 diabetes it is important that you maintain a healthy and active lifestyle.	为了降低患 2 型糖尿病的风险，保持健康活跃的生活方式至关重要。	0
To respond to a child &amp; family in crisis in order to keep everyone safe.	应对危机中的儿童和家庭，以确保每个人的安全。	1
Torques produced by different compartments of the rabbit masseter muscle.	由兔毛塞肌的不同部分产生的扭矩。	1
Torrington Golf Club has its home on the Common and green fee discounts are available for our guests.	Torrington Golf Club 为客人提供普通折扣和果岭费折扣。	2
Torture is torture; its practitioners are not born monsters but ordinary men liberated from moral strictures by an infallible state.	酷刑是酷刑；酷刑的施行者不是天生的怪物，而是从一个不可犯错误的国家的道德约束中解放出来的普通人。	2
To save you time and spread the love, she and some select guest bloggers will be giving you the inside scoop on what you need to check out each week.	为了节省您的时间并传播爱，她和一些精选的访客博客将为您提供您每周需要查看的内容的内幕信息。	1
To say that only a dorky, young adult could appreciate it is perhaps the biggest insult that could be bestowed upon any picture of this caliber.	说只有一个年轻的成年人能欣赏到这种能力的照片，也许是最大的侮辱。	2
To say the world will miss you is an understatement.	说世界将会想念你是一个轻描淡写的说法。	2
To see a summary of the information we have released on our merged organisation during 2009, please see Annual Information Update.	要查看我们在 2009 年发布的关于合并组织的信息摘要，请参阅年度信息更新。	0
To see the circle of treats before you throw, or to see where Pepper is before you throw, cli..	要在抛出之前查看点心圆，或要查看 Pepper 在抛出之前的位置，请单击 CLI 。	2
To see the real world was to see the ideal world and to see it as a system of essences.	看到现实世界就是看到理想的世界，把它看作是一个必要的系统。	1
To send these persons to jail is absurd and harmful and serves no conceivable useful purpose.	将这些人送进监狱是荒谬和有害的，没有任何可以想象的有用的目的。	1
To set up a targeted session with the specified neighbor, use the mpls ldp neighbor targeted command in global configuration mode.	要设置与指定邻居的目标会话，请在全局配置模式下使用 MPLS LDP neighbor Targeted 命令。	1
To stand steadfastly by the principle of a balanced budget.	坚持预算平衡的原则。	0
To start with we have not increased our fares for the millennium.	首先，我们没有提高我们的千禧年票价。	2
To that end, it was at this forum almost exactly a year ago that I announced the terms of reference of the Convergence Review.	为此，我在差不多一年前的这个论坛上宣布了《融合审查》的职权范围。	0
To that end Radio Systems Corp. cautions consumers from purchasing any product other than product in its original packaging or specially marked refurbished packaging.	因此， Radio Systems Corp. 告诫消费者不要购买除原始包装或特别标记的翻新包装中的产品以外的任何产品。	0
To the left are the Mascot Roller Mills and Ressler Family House.	左侧是 Mascot Roller Mills 和 Ressler Family House 。	0
To the most amazing seven year old I know.	对我所知道的最令人惊奇的七岁孩子来说。	2
To the uninitiated, the museum space taken over by the sweaty masses looks just like an ordinary gym.	对那些没有开始的人来说，被血汗群众接管的博物馆空间看起来就像一个普通的健身房。	2
To the wonderful ladies in his life who cared for him, you are an inspiration to us all.	对他一生中照顾他的那些出色的女士来说，你是对我们所有人的鼓舞。	2
To this day Czechoslovak has continued to produce quality weaponry for hunters and military units who want a rifle that wont fail on them when they need it most.	到今天，捷克斯洛伐克继续生产高质量的武器，供那些想要一支在最需要时不会失败的步枪的猎人和军队使用。	0
To this day, the many files of the Prothean observation outpost are still being possessed.	到今天，普罗斯特观察哨的许多档案仍在被掌握之中。	2
To this we must add, that in the rare instances in which a Minister has defied the House, the refusal to pass the Mutiny Act has been threatened or contemplated.	对此，我们必须补充指出，在部长藐视议会的罕见情况下，拒绝通过《穆特尼法案》的行为受到威胁或被考虑。	2
To try to keep this from happening again, all email distribution functions have been disabled as of this evening.	为了避免再次发生这种情况，所有电子邮件分发功能都已在今晚禁用。	0
Tottenham won because they attacked one of the best teams in the world from the first whistle to the last, outpassed them, outran them and won every battle on the field.	托特纳姆队之所以获胜，是因为他们从第一个哨声到最后一个哨声攻击了世界上最好的球队之一，超越了他们，超越了他们，赢得了现场的每一场战斗。	1
Toulon had loved Jester more than any of the other puppets.	土伦比任何其他木偶都更喜欢杰斯特。	1
To understand the impact, consider that those breakdowns occurred at a position known as the last line of defense, which would partly explain the disconcerting number of big plays by opponents in 2006.	为了理解这一影响，请考虑到这些故障发生在一个被称为最后防线的位置，这将部分解释 2006 年反对派的大话剧数量令人不安。	2
To understand the return path of negative swing, you should first try to understand how series capacitor converts +ve swing to -ve swing.	要了解负摆动的返回路径，您应该首先尝试了解串联电容器如何将 +ve 摆动转换为 -ve 摆动。	0
To view other commercial real estate listings in Warren by property type, please click on the Warren property type links at the bottome of this page.	要按物业类型查看 Warren 的其他商业房地产列表，请单击本页底部的 Warren 物业类型链接。	0
To view the reference drawings of any cryogenic valve, click on the appropriate part number in the table below.	要查看任何低温阀的参考图，请单击下表中相应的零件号。	0
To volunteer in the sound ministry you must be a born again believer, committed member of CCCN and in a small group for spiritual growth and accountability.	要在健全的部门中自愿工作，你必须是重生的信徒，是 CCCN 的坚定成员，也是一个促进精神成长和问责的小团体。	2
To what extent does the legislature find themselves in competition?	立法机关在多大程度上处于竞争中？	1
To what extent, if any, it affected his credibility as a witness was one of the factors to be weighed by the trial judge in making his finding.	审判法官在作出裁决时要权衡的一个因素是，这种情况在多大程度上影响了他作为证人的信誉。	0
To what kind of people do you talk?	您与哪种人交谈？	0
To which my love replied that was nice but her husband was en route that very moment on his way to Sherbrooke.	我的爱回答说，这很好，但她的丈夫在去舍布鲁克的路上。	2
Toxins Make You Fat and Shorten Your Life When your body is toxic, toxins hide and embed themselves in your body fat.	毒素会让你发脂并缩短你的生命当你的身体有毒时，毒素会隐藏并嵌入你的身体脂肪中。	0
Toyota tundra part Oh, did I not hate him with this hatred!	丰田金德拉的一部分哦，我不是不是因为这种仇恨而恨他呢！	2
Trace the desired shape for your felt ornament using a cookie cutter, simple shapes or a stencil on the paper side of freezer paper.	使用饼干切割器，简单形状或冷冻纸纸张侧的模具，追踪您的毛毡装饰所需的形状。	0
Tracking Device: The final layer of protection is a tracking device which emits a signal to police or a monitoring station when the vehicle is stolen.	跟踪设备：最后一层保护是一个跟踪设备，当车辆被盗时，它会向警察或监控站发出信号。	0
Tracking of this cost would be much higher on the list of priorities.	对这一费用的跟踪在优先事项清单上要高得多。	2
Trade and other receivables are stated at their original invoiced value.	贸易和其他应收款按其原始发票价值列报。	0
Trade contractors often increase their prices for unfamiliar products or approaches.	贸易承包商通常会提高不熟悉产品或方法的价格。	1
TRADER uses contact data from its surveys to send users information about our products and services.	交易员使用调查中的联系数据向用户发送有关我们产品和服务的信息。	0
Traditionally the influence of peers and relating to peers has not been a subject that has received serious attention in Educational Sciences.	传统上，同辈的影响和与同辈的关系并不是教育科学中受到严重关注的问题。	0
Traditional main streets need to be well managed to meet the needs of customers and deliver the standards they expect.	传统的主要街道需要妥善管理，以满足客户的需求并达到他们期望的标准。	0
Traditional mining investors tend to view Freeport as a proxy for copper.	传统的采矿投资者倾向于将 Freeport 视为铜的代理。	2
Training accreditation launches this month and sales accreditation later in 2011.	培训认证将于本月推出，销售认证将于 2011 年下半年推出。	0
Trains also run regularly to Ashford International railway station for connections to mainland continental Europe via the Eurostar.	火车还定期开往阿什福德国际火车站，通过欧洲之星（ Eurostar ）连接欧洲大陆。	0
Tramadol is still a good medicine to be consumed in accordance with an adequate dose and approval of a doctor.	Tramadol 仍然是一种良好的药物，需要在医生的适当剂量和批准下服用。	1
Transience is not an indication of uselessness; just because something must pass does not mean it is meaningless or useless.	过渡不是一种无用的迹象；仅仅因为某件事必须通过并不意味着它是毫无意义或无用的。	2
Transnational trade exacerbates this problem because no larger political entity can establish minimal conditions.	跨国贸易加剧了这一问题，因为没有一个较大的政治实体能够创造最低限度的条件。	0
Transplantation is highly controlled and centralized to prevent queue jumping but they soon find a recent transplantation that was completed from outside the system.	移植受到高度控制和集中化，以防止队列跳跃，但他们很快发现最近从系统外部完成的移植。	1
Transportation issues Indianapolis suffers from numerous transportation issues, such as a lack of sidewalks in suburban areas and a lack of adequate mass transit for a city its size.	交通问题印第安纳波利斯面临诸多交通问题，例如郊区缺乏人行道和城市规模缺乏足够的公共交通。	0
Transport drivers should maintain a safe speed for the roadway by following posted signs.	运输司机应遵守张贴的标志，保持公路的安全速度。	1
Travelling by air is no more related to being rich and elite.	乘飞机旅行与富有和精英不再相关。	1
Trays have been changed and are much better than original.	纸盘已更换，比原稿更好。	1
Treasury Management contains the actual financial translations and the portfolio analysis functions.	财务管理包含实际财务翻译和投资组合分析功能。	1
Treatment can either be in a group or individually.	治疗可以分组或单独进行。	0
Trees add considerable value to a property, and in many instances, such as insurance or legal claims, tax purposes or real estate assessment, a monetary value must be assigned to the tree.	树木给财产带来了巨大的价值，在许多情况下，如保险或法律要求，税收目的或房地产评估，必须为树木指定货币价值。	1
Treg cells can suppress effector T cell function and autoimmunity [25].	Treg 细胞可以抑制效应器 T 细胞功能和自动抗扰性 [25] 。	0
Tremendous acceleration in both directions produce the exhilarating experience of weightlessness as riders catapult towards the sky, quickly reverse direction, and then plummet towards the earth at speeds in excess of 50 mph.	两个方向上的巨大加速产生了令人兴奋的失重体验，因为骑手飞向天空，快速反向，然后以超过 50 英里 / 小时的速度向地球垂向。	2
Trenches should not be filled to a level more than 15 cm below the top of the trench to permit the containment of precipitation.	沟渠的填充不应超过沟渠顶部下方 15 厘米的水平，以防止降水。	1
Tretchikoff will always be connected to Dr Young, since his mother was the muse for Lady from Orient.	特雷奇科韦将永远与杨医生联系在一起，因为他的母亲是东方女士的女神。	2
Tribute to Rosa Parks and the Montgomery Bus Boycott The community is invited to pay tribute to Rosa Parks and recognize the 50th anniversary of the Montgomery Bus Boycott on Thursday, Dec. 1.	向罗莎 · 帕克斯致敬和蒙戈梅里公共汽车抵制 12 月 1 日（星期四），社区受邀向罗莎 · 帕克斯致敬，并庆祝蒙戈梅里公共汽车抵制 50 周年。	2
TRIP assumes the existence of an underlying IP transport network.	TRIP 假定存在底层 IP 传输网络。	0
Trips to Italy provided sketches and ideas for several genre paintings of Venetian street scenes which effectively captured gestures and postures he would find useful in later portraiture.	到意大利的旅行为威尼斯街头的几种类型的绘画提供了草图和创意，有效地捕捉了他在后来的色情作品中会发现有用的手势和姿势。	2
Trooper Hanger met the driver between their two cars.	特罗普尔 · 汉格在两辆车之间遇到了司机。	0
Troops said on Sunday that any controlled release of water would not present any danger for locals, but nonetheless farmers said they were worried.	周日，军队表示，任何控制下的水释放都不会给当地人带来任何危险，但农民却表示担心。	1
Tropical Nannies - Offers part time and full time nannies with CPR and basic first aid training on Virgin Gorda and Tortola.	热带保姆 - 提供非全时和全时保姆，在维尔京戈尔达和托尔托拉进行心肺复苏和基本急救培训。	2
TROUBLESHOOTER : You can tell the device is communicating with the computer if the red, then the green button on the device flashes.	故障诊断程序：如果红色指示灯闪烁，则可以告诉设备正在与计算机通信，然后设备上的绿色按钮闪烁。	2
Trout must be at least seven inches to keep and, through Labor Day, five fish may be creeled per day.	鳟鱼必须至少保持 7 英寸，在劳动节期间，每天可捕捞 5 条鱼。	1
Trustees have a duty to invest in any asset and provide annual accounts to all beneficiaries as to the value of the trust.	受托人有义务投资于任何资产，并向所有受益人提供信托价值的年度账目。	1
Try a recent firmware revision for your location and model?	尝试针对您所在位置和型号的最新固件版本？	0
Try Autoglym Super Resin Polish first as it may rectify the problem.	首先尝试使用 Autoglym Super 树脂抛光剂，因为它可能会纠正问题。	0
Try getting movies that get into the selection of competition programs of the main international film festivals.	尝试拍摄电影，选择主要国际电影节的竞争节目。	2
Trying to calculate why this new blood from her core smelt so different from the blood he had drawn from her shoulder; or moreover why she was bleeding.	试图计算她的核心血液的气味与他从肩膀抽取的血液有何不同；或者她为什么流血。	2
Try learning to read alto and tenor clef.	尝试学习阅读 Alto 和 Tenor clef 。	1
Try Lindy rigs and minnows as well as spinners and nightcrawlers.	试试林迪的钻机和迷你船，以及旋转器和夜间爬行器。	1
Try our normal washed cap on for size.	试一下我们的普通水洗盖尺寸。	1
Try out our Fair Bluff Chat room with one of the largest online communities for the Fair Bluff swinging couple.	试试我们的 Fair Bluff Chat Room ，它是 Fair Bluff 摇摆夫妇最大的在线社区之一。	2
Try this approach and see if your life starts to shift.	尝试这种方法，看看您的生活是否开始发生变化。	0
Try to go to bed at the same time everyday.	每天都试着同时上床睡觉。	0
TSR Leeches: Still trying to claim EA owned content as their own.	TSR 水蛭：仍在尝试将 EA 拥有的内容作为自己的内容。	2
Tsunade laughed after she and Jirayia turned the corner: stupid brat thought he could beat her at her own game!	Tsunade 在她和 Jirayia 翻开后笑了起来：愚蠢的小精灵认为他可以在她自己的比赛中击败她！	1
Tsuna was sure she turned even redder than she was before with his talk about one of her flaws.	Tsuna 肯定她在谈论她的一个缺点时比以前更加红了。	2
Tucson Water hasnt released figures on what keeping mineral content at 450 ppm would do to water bills, though bills would likely rise.	图森水没有公布将矿物含量保持在 450 ppm 对水费的影响的数据，尽管账单可能会上升。	1
Tuesday, August 25, 2009 jerry golden The Islamic Jihad is fully underway and will not be stopped by the present tactics click to read more...	2009 年 8 月 25 日，星期二， Jerry Golden 伊斯兰圣战正在全面展开，不会被目前的策略所阻止点击阅读更多 ...	1
Tufts of smoke drifted in the air, the motorcycle that Rena uses broken and demolished in the corner.	Tufts of smoke Drifted in the air, the motorcycle that Rena uses broken and demolished in the corner.	2
Turbos do not move a great deal of air at no load conditions BUT they do move some air.	涡轮不会在无负载条件下移动大量空气，但它们会移动一些空气。	1
Turbo Todd was there as official event blogger and chimes in here with his recap.	涡轮托德在这里担任官方活动博客作者，并在这里作了回顾。	2
Turned out Chell was mute and had a dry erase board and some markers to communicate with people.	事实证明，切尔是静音的，有一个干擦板和一些标记来与人们交流。	2
Turning off her lamp and grabbing Hoot into her arms, Maya gets into bed and tries to sleep.	玛雅把灯关掉，把手握在怀里，睡在床上，想睡觉。	1
Turn right on Bull Street and follow Bull until it meets Pendleton Street.	右转进入 Bull 街，沿 Bull 行驶，直至到达 Pendleton 街。	1
Turns out people have more kids when the survival of said kids is uncertain.	当所说的孩子的生存不确定时，人们会有更多的孩子。	2
Turn the muffins out (you may need to run a knife around the edges to loosen them).	将松饼旋出（您可能需要在边缘周围运行一把刀来松开松饼）。	1
Two additional external pods, housing the fuel cell system and the hydrogen tanks, are added underneath the specially strengthened wings.	在特别强化的翼板下面增加了两个额外的外部舱，其中包括燃料电池系统和氢气罐。	1
Two Albaklovs set up so that the rappel rope is run through both loops and equalized.	两根阿尔巴克罗维斯的设置使跳绳穿过两个环并均衡。	2
Two churches were burnt while the priests were thrashed and their houses ransacked after Christian youths took to the streets to protest the picture.	在基督教青年走上街头抗议这一画面之后，两座教堂被烧毁，而牧师被人套死，房屋被洗劫一空。	1
Two computer engineering schools are located in Jefferson City.	杰斐逊市有两所计算机工程学校。	0
Two groups of prosimian fossils are recognized by paleontologists.	古生物学家认识到两组前列腺化石。	1
Two horny soldiers get a nice break from their training for some rest and relaxation.	两名可怕的士兵在训练中得到了一次很好的休息和放松。	2
Two LTTE terrorists were killed during the confrontation.	两名猛虎组织恐怖分子在对抗中丧生。	1
Two new blocks of flats at the top left hand side of Milner Street are proof of this.	在米尔纳街左上方的两个新的公寓楼就是证明。	2
Two of his first stars were a pair of promising players named John Drew and Maude Adams.	他的两名第一名明星是一对有前途的球员，他叫约翰 · 德拉德和莫德 · 亚当斯。	2
Two of the boys held it while the other boy swabbed it with Betadine.	两个男孩把它拿了，而另一个男孩和 Betadine 一起吞下它。	2
Two operating funds exist to provide Airport services: the Airport Maintenance and Operation Fund and the Airport Customer Facilities and Transportation Fee Fund.	有两个营运基金提供机场服务：机场维修及营运基金及机场客户设施及运输费基金。	1
Two other items that may or may not be related.	其他两个可能相关或可能无关的项目。	1
Two people can be attracted to each other for a variety of reasons including how they look, they have common interests, or because they admire the other person for numerous reasons.	两个人可以因各种原因相互吸引，包括他们的外表，他们有共同的利益，或者因为多种原因而钦佩他人。	1
Two principal designators are used hereafter in this manuscript.	本手稿中使用了两个主要的指示符。	1
Two spam mails had reached the set spam mail folder when mail was checked by a browser because it was reluctant.	当浏览器检查邮件时，两封垃圾邮件到达了“设置垃圾邮件”文件夹，因为它不愿意。	2
Two star These are more likely to be family operated premises, selected for their charm and their comfortable facilities.	两星级酒店更有可能是家庭经营的酒店，因为其魅力和舒适的设施而被选中。	1
Two syllables that even trembling with lament and love cannot begin to convey what he feels.	两个连哀叹和爱都不能开始表达他的感受的音节。	2
Two testifiers revealed intricate details of the complex ecosystem design of traditional Hawaiian coastal fishponds.	两位作证者揭示了传统夏威夷沿海鱼塘复杂生态系统设计的复杂细节。	0
Two uniformed deputies in the front of the boat and the assistant tech in the back finally managed to push and pull until Marshall went onto his knees inside the vessel.	船前的两名穿制服的副手和船后的助理技术人员最终设法推拉，直到马歇尔在船内膝盖上。	2
Two years of no updates, and I leave you with a boring chapter and a cliff hanger!	两年没有更新，我给你留下了一个无聊的篇章和一个悬崖悬架！	2
Type B edge bumpers have a narrow groove to slide onto narrow I-beam shelves.	B 型边缘缓冲器有一个窄槽，可滑入窄型 I 形梁搁架上。	0
Types of them are even found in some of the major rivers, including the Amazon River in Brazil and the Ganges River in India.	在一些主要河流，包括巴西的亚马逊河和印度的恒河中，甚至发现了这些河流的类型。	1
Typically, event reconstruction involves forensic investigators manually sifting through evidence and making various hypotheses about the possible sequences of events that could have led to that security incident.	通常，事件重建需要法医调查员人工筛选证据，并对可能导致该安全事件的事件序列作出各种假设。	1
Typically, the introduction states the problem to be solved and explains its purpose and significance.	一般而言，导言陈述了需要解决的问题，并解释了其目的和意义。	0
Typical Maric, Loghain thought with an irritated sigh, to die young and escape all this, leaving it to Loghain to clean up the mess.	典型的马里奇，洛格海因以一个愤怒的叹息思考，要年轻地死去，摆脱所有这些，让洛格海因清理混乱。	2
Ultimately after doing a lot of research like you are doing, even picking out an apt. community I liked, I decided to go to a different law school (and still sort of regret NOT going to MC).	最后，在做了很多像你一样的研究之后，甚至挑选了一个公寓。我喜欢的社区，我决定去一个不同的法学院（仍然有点遗憾不去 MC ）。	1
Ultrasound scanning will detect blood backflow in the venous system.	超声扫描将检测静脉系统中的血流回流。	0
Ultrasounds generated by human activity or equipment may be undetectable via human hearing, but are well within the hearing limits of most laboratory mice.	人类活动或设备产生的超声可能无法通过人类听力检测到，但完全在大多数实验室小鼠的听力限制范围内。	0
Unable to resist, Zoe placed her fingers onto the top of its head.	佐伊不能抵抗，把手指放在头上。	0
UNA dean of Information Technologies Garry Warren, chairman of the search committee, is pleased with the progress the committee has made.	信息技术委员会主席加里 · 沃伦对委员会取得的进展感到高兴。	0
Unaffected by Sample Color or Turbidity Measures total chlorine quickly, economically and accurately in wide variety of water samples.	不受样品颜色或浊度影响，可快速，经济，准确地测量各种水样品中的总氯。	1
Unauthorized occupation may also occur on public lands.	未经许可的占领也可能发生在公共土地上。	0
Uncover and fix business/IT disconnects Shows how IT directly supports your business strategies and capabilities and ensures that mismatched spending can be eliminated.	发现并修复业务 / IT 脱节问题—展示 IT 如何直接支持您的业务策略和功能，并确保消除不匹配的支出。	1
Under a related term, the Council again called on the parties to show maximum restraint and refrain from any threat or use of force against each other.	在一个相关的术语中，安理会再次呼吁各方表现出最大程度的克制，避免相互威胁或使用武力。	2
Under debate is how the campaign finance law affects nonparty groups that are spending soft money corporate, union or unlimited contributions in the presidential and congressional elections.	目前正在辩论的是竞选资金法如何影响在总统和国会选举中花费软钱（公司，工会或无限制捐款）的非政党团体。	2
Under magnification, nephrons look like tangles of tiny vessels or tubules, but each nephron actually has an orderly arrangement that makes possible filtration of wastes from the blood.	在放大的情况下，短管看起来像小血管或小管的结块，但每个短管实际上都有一个有序的安排，可以过滤血液中的废物。	1
Under PIP no groups of claimants (other than the terminally ill) will have an automatic payment to DLA.	根据 PIP ，任何索赔人群体（除最终患病者外）都不会自动向 DLA 付款。	0
Under previous law, a taxpayer was eligible for a credit for this industry only if the primary business of the taxpayer was in that industry.	根据以前的法律，只有纳税人的主要业务在该行业，纳税人才有资格获得该行业的信贷。	0
Understanding whether symptoms or cognitive skills are more closely related to variations in psychosocial status is particularly crucial in a disease entity as heterogenous as schizophrenia.	在作为精神分裂症等异源性疾病实体中，了解症状或认知技能是否与社会心理状态的变化更密切相关尤为关键。	1
Understand that the skin is a manifestation of your body inside.	了解皮肤是体内身体的表现。	1
Understory development in conifer plantations followed a trajectory that differed greatly from deciduous plantations.	针叶树种植园的地下发展轨迹与落叶种植园大不相同。	1
Under such circumstances, OCR typically would order the school district henceforth to include the student in regular classes.	在这种情况下， OCR 通常会命令学区从今以后将学生纳入正规班级。	1
Under the agreement, airlines flying from the EU to Canada will transfer selected passenger data to the Canadian authorities to help identify passengers that could pose a security threat.	根据该协议，从欧盟飞往加拿大的航空公司将向加拿大当局传送选定的乘客数据，以帮助识别可能构成安全威胁的乘客。	0
Under the light of such elegant studies and need of public stress programs like screening by the government agencies aimed at enhancing recognition, reducing stress, treatment and depression major prevention has become quite necessary.	在这种高雅的研究和对公众压力方案的需求下，如政府机构的筛查，旨在提高认识，减少压力，治疗和抑郁症，已经变得非常有必要进行重大的预防。	1
Under these circumstances it is rational to raise warnings about the nature of this kind of circular flow, repeated with other kinds of financial assets.	在这种情况下，对这种循环流动的性质提出警告是合理的，这种警告与其他类型的金融资产重复。	0
Under the UCC, a communication will not be construed as an offer or acceptance unless it states a quantity of goods, either directly or by reference to another communication.	根据《统一通信公约》，除非通信直接或通过提及另一通信指明了一定数量的货物，否则通信不会被解释为要约或接受。	2
Under the Youth Exchange Programme of the National Cadet Corps, bilateral exchange of delegations is being held every year.	根据国家学员队的青年交流方案，每年都举行双边代表团交流。	0
Under whose control are the array and navy of the United States ?	美国的阵列和海军在谁的控制下？	2
Unexplained Phenomena Veterinary Medicine Witchcraft and Magic World History Zoology Social Science Sports &amp; Recreation Travel Sell textbooks back!	无法解释的现象兽医学巫术和魔幻世界历史动物学社会科学体育和娱乐旅行出售教科书！	2
Unfortunately, a particular plastic response may be beneficial in response to one environmental cue, but detrimental in response to another.	不幸的是，某种特定的塑料反应可能有助于对一种环境提示作出反应，但不利于对另一种环境提示作出反应。	0
Unfortunately doctors are not notified of this, and we are trying to get this changed.	不幸的是，医生没有接到这方面的通知，我们正在努力改变这种情况。	0
Unfortunately for Jimmy, the police investigated the crimes and found no evidence to support the existence of The Eggman.	令人遗憾的是，对 Jimmy 来说，警方调查了这些罪行，没有发现任何证据证明 Eggman 的存在。	1
Unfortunately, friends, family and even therapists may fall into the trap of giving advice to those who were traumatized.	不幸的是，朋友，家人甚至治疗师可能陷入向受创伤者提供建议的陷阱。	1
Unfortunately good people fall to temptation every day.	不幸的是，好的人每天都在受到诱惑。	1
Unfortunately, Google Maps and the major commercial GPS systems have yet to put the new development in their databases, so please pay close attention to the new directions.	不幸的是，谷歌地图和主要商业 GPS 系统尚未将新的发展纳入数据库，因此请密切关注新的方向。	0
Unfortunately I have no new information on when Llane will be opened up as a eligible destination realm at this time.	遗憾的是，我目前没有关于 Llane 何时作为合格目的地开放的新信息。	1
Unfortunately, individual corporations can do little to change the economic environment or create the income their customers need to mitigate their risk.	不幸的是，单个公司在改变经济环境或创造客户降低风险所需的收入方面几乎没有什么作用。	0
Unfortunately in my case nobody responded anyway, but my attacker was frightened enough to run away (although he did stab me several times).	不幸的是，在我的案件中，没有人作出任何反应，但我的攻击者感到足够害怕，无法逃离（尽管他确实打了几次刺）。	2
Unfortunately it also seemed to be making him very talkative.	不幸的是，这似乎也使他非常健谈。	2
Unfortunately, it is the latter possibility that seems to be in the offing.	不幸的是，后一种可能性似乎在被冒犯。	2
Unfortunately, my peace was short lived thanks to my sister and her crew.	不幸的是，多亏了我的姐姐和她的船员，我的和平才过了短暂的生活。	2
Unfortunately, the article then goes on to discuss an equally unlikely scenario.	不幸的是，该文章接着讨论了同样不可能发生的情况。	0
Unfortunately the chicken was pretty tasteless and perhaps a tad underdone, and the smooth, gummy peanut sauce tasted like it came out of a bottle.	不幸的是，鸡肉味道很淡，可能做得不够好，平滑的，美味的花生酱尝起来就像从瓶子里出来的一样。	2
Unfortunately the Knack never really recovered from being an instant sensation and soon after figures of derision in the media.	不幸的是，这一小窍门并没有从即时的感觉中真正恢复过来，而且很快就在媒体上出现了一些令人失望的数字之后。	2
Unfortunately there is far too much information in the various log files for the average user to assimilate each day and for this reason we turn to Logwatch.	不幸的是，不同的日志文件中有太多的信息，普通用户每天都无法吸收，因此我们转而使用 Logwatch 。	2
UN human rights bodies also continued to issue conclusions raising concerns about specific protection gaps for Palestinian refugees and displaced persons in the region.	联合国人权机构还继续发表结论，对该地区巴勒斯坦难民和流离失所者的具体保护差距表示关切。	1
Unique proms themes are those that are considered outside of the norm.	独特的道具主题是那些被认为超出常规范围的主题。	2
United Churches of Lycoming County Looking for a church?	正在寻找教堂的 Lycoming 县联合教会？	1
United States of Soccer graphic printed on left sleeve.	左袖印有美国足球协会图案。	0
Unit features easy to operate handle with vibration control for improved operator comfort and convenience.	该装置具有易于操作的手柄和振动控制功能，提高了操作员的舒适性和便利性。	0
Unity is power and it is our only power we will use to defeat our enemy only if we do away with tribalism and division.	团结就是力量，只有消除部落主义和分裂，团结才是我们战胜敌人的唯一力量。	0
University of Massachusetts political science professor Seth Whitten says the poll may have some validity.	马萨诸塞大学政治学教授 Seth Whitten 表示，这次投票可能有一定的有效性。	0
Unless the betting is very strong, I doubt whether there is much scope for a thick bet at the extreme back end of the market.	除非博彩非常强劲，否则我怀疑在市场的后端是否有很大的赌注空间。	1
Unless we convince and empower everyone to understand and support Kaizene / Lean transformation it will not be sustainable.	除非我们说服并授权每个人理解和支持 Kaizene/Lean 转型，否则它将无法持续。	0
Unless we lose those levels we are still in the bull phase of this market.	除非我们失去这些水平，否则我们仍处于这个市场的竞争阶段。	1
Unlike 1997, the opposition parties lack the parliamentary strength to form a government.	与 1997 年不同的是，反对党缺乏组成政府的议会实力。	1
Unlike Charlie Parker and Louis Armstrong, both innovative instrumentalists, Miles Davis belongs in the loftier company of that other great jazz composer, Duke Ellington.	与查理帕克和路易斯 · 阿姆斯特朗不同，他们都是创新的工具主义者，迈尔斯 · 戴维斯属于其他伟大爵士作曲家杜克 · 埃林顿的更可爱的公司。	2
Unlike some of the other panoramic trails that offer sweeping views of Sedona, the cocooning box canyon feels more intimate.	与其他一些可以看到塞多纳全景的全景小径不同，这里的开箱峡谷让人感觉更亲密。	2
Unlike the Liberals who have offloaded responsibility for training, the NDP is committed to the Federal Government playing an active role in training and lifelong skills development.	与负责培训的自由人不同，国家发展计划致力于联邦政府在培训和终身技能发展方面发挥积极作用。	2
Unlike the normal masks that come with the training kits.	与培训套件随附的常规面罩不同。	1
Until about fifteen years ago, the rule was that the company that TU Delft conducted research for, or with, would apply for any patents.	直到大约 15 年前，规则是 TU Delft 研究的公司或与之合作的公司将申请任何专利。	1
Until I work out their new format or they change it again, no further pictures can be downloaded from National Geographic.	在我制定新格式或他们重新更改之前，无法从国家地理位置下载更多图片。	1
Until January 1844, the discounts quoted in Philadelphia on the notes of Charleston banks were never less than 1 percent when Philadelphia banks and Charleston banks were both redeeming their notes in specie.	直到 1844 年 1 月，在费城，查尔斯顿银行的票据上所报的折扣从不低于 1% ，而费城银行和查尔斯顿银行都在特别赎回它们的票据。	2
Until my early twenties, I thought befriending women was the way to get into their hearts and underwear.	直到我 20 多岁的时候，我都认为，在我的心中和内衣裤中，有一种是心碎的女人。	2
Until now you have not condemned the invasion of Lebanon and have not condemned the attack on Gaza.	到目前为止，你还没有谴责对黎巴嫩的入侵，也没有谴责对加沙的袭击。	1
Until recently he was director of housing and adult social services for the City of York Council, and a member of the national executive of the Association of Directors of Adult Social Services (ADASS).	直到最近，他还是约克市理事会住房和成人社会服务主任，以及成人社会服务主管协会的国家行政官员。	1
Until recently there was not any solid scientific evidence to back various theories pertaining to the origins of the Flood.	直到最近，还没有任何可靠的科学证据来支持与洪水起源有关的各种理论。	0
Until recently there were two car club cars, one in South Reading at Kennet Island and one at Cemetery Junction.	直到最近，有两辆汽车俱乐部汽车，一辆在南雷丁的肯内特岛，一辆在公墓交叉路口。	1
Until recently we had options of either dusty books or dull tapes.	直到最近，我们有多种选择，有多种书是多尘的，有的是单调的磁带。	2
Until the early 1800s, the peoples of the CAR lived beyond the expanding Islamic frontier in the Sudanic zone of Africa and thus had relatively little contact with Abrahamic religions or northern economies.	直到 19 世纪初，中非共和国人民生活在非洲苏丹地区不断扩大的伊斯兰边界之外，因此与阿布拉罕宗教或北方经济的联系相对较少。	0
Until there is radical reform, poor countries cannot effectively challenge policies that directly affect the lives of their people.	在彻底改革之前，穷国无法有效地挑战直接影响其人民生活的政策。	1
Untitled document A revolutionary disc design that utilizes a ton of glide to make it the longest and straightest flying disc on the market.	无标题文档一种革命性的光盘设计，它利用一吨的滑翔技术使其成为市场上最长，最直的飞盘。	1
Upbeat with a good restaurant in the same location.	在同一个地方的一家好餐馆，很乐观	2
Upfield Farm Aerodrome In 1995, Upfield Farm owner Ken Bowen had been using part of his agricultural land that he owns in Whitson Road, as a light aircraft landing strip.	Upfield Farm Aerodrome 1995 年， Upfield Farm 房主 Ken Bowen 一直将他在 Whitson 路拥有的部分农田用作轻型飞机着陆带。	2
Upland schools offer a total of six physical therapy assistant programs.	高地学校总共提供六个理疗助理方案。	0
Upon arrival you will transfer to your hotel for the next 3 nights - the Four Points by Sheraton Times Square.	抵达后，您将被送至酒店，继续入住 3 晚——喜来登时代广场（ Sheraton Times Square ）的 Four Points 酒店。	1
Upon contacting the site operator, I was told that unauthorized access may have been carried out and I was exempted from paying by credit card for that commodity.	在与现场运营商联系后，我被告知可能已经进行了未经授权的访问，并且我被免除了用信用卡支付该商品的费用。	0
Upon donning this gay apparel, my group laughed at me, and asked me to pose for photos like a superhero flying through the sky.	当我捐赠这种同性恋服装时，我的团队笑了起来，要求我像一个超级英雄一样在空中摆姿势拍照。	2
Upon hearing that their sister was attacked, what horrors can they dump on GJ?	听说他们的姐姐受到了袭击，他们能向 GJ 倾倒什么恐怖？	2
Upon learning about the two explanations of quantum mechanics… Heisenberg and Schrodinger I became very interested in approaches to understanding science.	在了解量子力学的两个解释… Heisenberg 和 Schrodinger 后，我对理解科学的方法非常感兴趣。	1
Upon registering with the Library help desk new staff will receive an email informing them that they have been added.	在图书馆服务台登记后，新工作人员将收到一封电子邮件，通知他们已添加新工作人员。	1
Upon returning to my room I see a training kit had been left out for me, it was made of a tough material but after wriggling into it, it seemed to become more stretchy and flexible.	回到房间后，我看到一个训练工具包被遗漏了，它是用一种坚硬的材料制成的，但在被摆入后，它似乎变得更具弹性和弹性。	2
Upper and middle class white women are often more isolated and can only gain support by creating an issue out of a particular experience.	上层和中产阶级白人妇女往往更加孤立，只能通过根据特定经验制造问题来获得支持。	0
Upper level coaching program where he facilitates discussions on improving business realistic expectations on telemarketing services.	高级辅导计划，他在该计划中促进关于提高对电话营销服务的商业现实期望的讨论。	1
Up to some point it sure is the cover artwork and the title.	在某种程度上，确实是封面和标题。	1
Urban bicycle transportation and automobile transportation seem to be mutually antagonistic.	城市自行车运输和汽车运输似乎是相互对立的。	0
Urban design has a powerful influence on crime incidence.	城市设计对犯罪发生率有着强大的影响。	1
USA asked the United Nations to demand the withdrawal of these northern forces.	美国要求联合国要求撤出这些北部部队。	1
Usami stood and went to unplug his cell from the charger and began to type a message.	Usami 站了起来，从充电器上拔下了他的牢房，并开始键入一条消息。	2
US and Canadian citizens need a passport valid for six months beyond their date of return.	美国和加拿大公民需要护照，有效期为返回之日后六个月。	0
Use all the features Take advantage of all the features like HTML and special fonts.	使用所有功能利用所有功能，如 HTML 和特殊字体。	0
Use a thinner flesh wash for my shadows on the face.	用更薄的洗面做我在脸上的阴影。	2
Used esp. of such behavior caused by bounce message loops in email software.	在电子邮件软件中使用了由退回邮件循环引起的此类行为。	1
Used to live while getting bombarded with hundreds of spots each single day, its now imposible for them keep the same project for more than 10 minutes thesedays.	过去，每天都有数百个地点被轰炸，现在他们无法将同一项目保留 10 分钟以上。	1
Use of the graphing calculator will be integrated throughout the curriculum.	将在整个课程中集成使用绘图计算器。	1
Use our rates and availability form to find which makes and models are offered in Edinburg.	使用我们的价格和供货表查找爱丁堡提供的产品和型号。	0
Use povidone iodine on the conjunctiva at the injection site.	在注射部位的结膜上使用多孔碘。	1
User charges and high direct costs now effectively block access for the many people who lack sufficient income to purchase basic healthcare when they need it.	用户收费和高昂的直接成本现在有效地阻止了许多缺乏足够收入的人在需要时购买基本保健服务。	0
Users can edit the contents via Touch Panel Creator sofeware 2.	用户可以通过触摸面板创建程序软件 2 编辑内容。	1
Users can measure the results of tuning efforts by timing a routine before and after modification.	用户可以通过在修改之前和之后安排例程时间来测量调整工作的结果。	2
Users keep coming back to play it day in and day out, which is one of the most important reasons why the valuation of the company is said to be in the range of $20B.	用户每天都在玩，这是公司估值达到 20 亿美元的最重要原因之一。	0
Uses computerized shop equipment and works with electronic components while maintaining their skills...	使用计算机车间设备并在保持其技能的同时与电子元件一起工作 ...	1
Use suitable self help products to bring understanding of your condition and its triggers into the open.	使用合适的自助产品，让您了解自己的状况及其触发因素。	1
Use the alpha channel of the image or file as the mask source.	使用图像或文件的字母通道作为掩码源。	1
Use the following links to find out about fees and funding opportunities in the School of Modern Languages and Cultures, or to read more about postgraduate study in the School.	使用以下链接了解现代语言和文化学院的学费和资助机会，或阅读更多有关该学院研究生课程的信息。	0
Use the Internet to compare life insurance guidelines.	使用互联网比较人寿保险准则。	1
Use these quotes to negotiate with the dealers and get the lowest possible Chrysler pricing near Colquitt County, GA.	使用这些报价与代理商协商，并在 GA 的 Colquitt 县附近获得尽可能最低的克莱斯勒定价。	1
Use this information next year to constantly upgrade your overall design.	明年使用此信息不断升级您的整体设计。	1
Use this musical themed graduation invitation, for free, and invite your guests to a party a musical theme can have great invitations the musical high school graduation.	免费使用此音乐主题毕业邀请，并邀请您的客人参加一个音乐主题的派对，可以邀请您参加音乐高中毕业典礼。	1
Use Windows Media Player to sync over your favorite songs.	使用 Windows Media Player 同步您喜爱的歌曲。	0
Using orchids and various other Hawaiian decorations like leis will provide your ceremony a temparate feel whether or not your wedding is now being held in a large destination.	无论您的婚礼是否在一个大目的地举行，使用兰花和各种夏威夷装饰（如利斯）将为您的婚礼提供一种临时的感觉。	2
Using the appliance Am I able to increase the range of my remotes by using more Transceivers?	使用本产品是否能够通过使用更多收发器来增加远程遥控器的范围？	1
Using them could have made it way easier for the planes and helicopters to do the bombing runs and could have made the shelling more effective.	使用它们本可以使飞机和直升机更容易进行轰炸，也可以使炮击更有效。	2
Using the UH Seal in sizes less than 1 inch in diameter is may be difficult to read as the text, graphics and colors are likely to become blurred.	使用直径小于 1 英寸的 UH 密封件可能很难读取，因为文本，图形和颜色可能会变得模糊。	0
Using this printer software, users can select, drag and drop contents of interest from various Web pages onto a blank page which can then be saved or printed.	使用此打印机软件，用户可以从各种网页中选择，拖放感兴趣的内容到空白页上，然后可以保存或打印这些内容。	1
Using your clean hands, rub the butter into the flour mixture, working until you have no lumps bigger than a pea.	用干净的手将黄油摩擦到面粉混合物中，直到没有比豌豆更大的块状。	1
Using your fingers, gently loosen the skin around the neck and the butt end of the chicken.	用手指轻轻地松开鸡颈和臀部周围的皮肤。	1
Usually, certified Locksmiths who have conventional locksmith training arrive with an easier time starting their own businesses and are favored over other candidates by employers.	通常，接受过传统锁匠培训的认证锁匠会在自己创业的过程中获得较短的时间，并且会受到雇主的青睐而不是其他候选人。	2
Usually he was good with his body demands.	他通常对身体的要求很好。	1
Usually it takes a death or a disaster to focus our attention.	通常，我们需要关注死亡或灾难。	0
Usually the first reaction people have is that this is way too much for people to pay in their community.	通常人们的第一个反应是，这对人们来说太多了，不能在他们的社区中支付。	2
Usually there are three or four of us, but we would love to have more join our group.	通常我们有三到四个人，但我们希望有更多人加入我们的团队。	0
Utano Prince Sama All Star from BROCCOLI is the newest installment of the popular romance adventure game franchise targeted to women.	布罗乔利的 Utano Prince Sama All Star 是最新一期的流行浪漫冒险游戏，以女性为目标。	1
Utilities Registry Cleaners Having a clean efficient registry does wonders for your computer.	实用程序注册表清理程序拥有干净高效的注册表，这对您的计算机来说是一个奇迹。	1
Utilizing a security hidden camera can assist you to supervise over anybody or anything with out becoming present at that specific spot.	使用隐藏的安全摄像头可以帮助您监督在特定地点出现的任何人或任何事情。	0
Utilizing long, flowing strokes and a rhythmic pace, Swedish massage is recommended for first time clients and those who prefer a lighter and gentler approach for their massage sessions.	瑞典式按摩采用长流畅的冲程和节奏，推荐给初次使用的客人和喜欢轻度温和按摩方式的客人。	1
Uva Lama Cabernet Sauvignon delights the real wine lover from year to year.	UVA Lama Cabernet Sauvignon 每年都让真正的葡萄酒爱好者感到满意。	1
U Win Tin joined the NLD from its very inception as a member of the intelligentsia and was regarded as the political advisor of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.	U Win Tin 从一开始就加入了全国民主联盟，成为知识分子，并被视为昂山素季的政治顾问。	0
UZ will seek to impose confidentiality obligations on such service providers.	UZ 将设法对这类服务提供者规定保密义务。	0
Valerie lowered her hands, swung her legs to the side of the bed and looked over her shoulder at where Mickey was sleeping.	瓦莱丽放下了手，把腿伸到床边，望着她的肩膀，看着米奇睡觉的地方。	1
Validity was established by having both the parent and evaluating therapists develop the goals together to ensure that the goals were relevant and at appropriate levels for the child.	通过让家长和评估治疗师共同制定目标以确保目标对儿童具有相关性并处于适当的水平来确定有效性。	1
Valjean had lied in the past about a great many things, but he had not lied to Javert the night of the barricade, and Javert did not think he would lie now about this.	瓦尔吉恩在过去对许多事情说谎，但他没有在路障之夜对杰维特撒谎，而杰维特现在不认为他会撒谎。	2
Value Collection - Italy Hotel Deals Citalia s Italy Value Collection has been extended even further to offer a greater range of superb Italian destinations and hotels for Summer 2009 holidays.	超值系列 - 意大利 Hotel Deals Citalia 的意大利超值系列进一步扩展，为 2009 年夏季度假提供更多一流的意大利目的地和酒店。	2
Van Gogh Sign up for free updates Register with Bishopsgate Institute to stay up to date with our latest news, courses and events.	梵高注册免费更新注册 Bishopsgate Institute ，了解我们最新的新闻，课程和活动。	0
Vanilla Life Ltd is an appointed representative of Personal Touch Financial Services Limited, which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority.	香草人寿有限公司是个人触控金融服务有限公司的指定代表，该公司由金融服务管理局授权和监管。	2
Vanya is even more assertive with deeply held views about leaving her place in a better condition for future generations.	Vanya 对于为子孙后代留下更好的位置的深刻观点更加自信。	0
Variable reflection and transmission ranges matched to your requirements.	可变反射和变速范围符合您的要求。	0
Variables only influencing the participation decision may also be included to increase efficiency.	为了提高效率，还可以列入仅影响参与决定的变量。	2
Varieties of dim sum at lunch, a la carte and set menu for dinner.	午餐提供各式点心，点菜和晚餐套餐。	2
Variety of food is important for a healthy diet because single food never fulfill the quality of a healthy diet.	食物的种类对于健康饮食很重要，因为单个食物永远不能达到健康饮食的质量。	0
Varric had emerged from the shadows; having killed all the remaining Ashaads and Isabela was standing amidst a pile of dead Qunari, all with their necks slit.	瓦尔瑞科已经走出阴影；他杀死了所有剩下的阿萨哈德和伊莎贝拉，站在一堆死的库纳里中间，他们的脖子都被割伤了。	2
Vassallo shot 60% from the field and grabbed eight offensive and six defensive rebounds while adding two blocks.	瓦萨洛在增加两个街区的同时，从球场上射门 60% ，抓住了 8 个进攻和 6 个防守篮板。	2
Vegeta glanced at the other infant now, who seemed to be digging a hole with a blue plastic shovel bigger than him.	维格塔对另一个婴儿看了一眼，他似乎在挖一个比他大的蓝色塑料铲洞。	1
Vegeta had already said he was gonna drive so she could take a nap on the way home.	韦格塔已经说过他要开车，这样她就可以在回家的路上小憩一下了。	0
Velma Hart illustrates the fundamental problem with modern liberalism.	Velma Hart 阐述了现代自由主义的根本问题。	0
Velten According to our research, the origin of the name Velten is English (Róch Edit: And German) and the Coat of Arms contains Silver with a five leafed clover and at the top a lion.	Velten 根据我们的研究， Velten 的名字来源于英语（ Róch 编辑：和德语），而 Arms 的外套上有银色，上面有五叶结块，顶部有一根狮子。	2
Vendors who are quick with new technologies tend to leap frog each other in quick succession and then come into par for a while, and then play the leap frog game again.	快速采用新技术的供应商往往会快速连续跳跃，然后达到平均水平一段时间，然后再次进行跳跃式青蛙游戏。	2
Vengeance stopped his rampage when he saw Gwen adopt a baby fox that had been orphaned.	当他看到格文收养了一只被遗弃的婴儿狐狸时，复仇阻止了他的狂暴。	2
Venue and the vendors should be found one year before and you should contact the owner to reserve the space.	场地和供应商应在一年前找到，您应联系所有者以预留空间。	1
Verbal abuse was all she could grasp hold of.	口头虐待是她所能掌握的。	1
Verizon Wireless has also said that it does not use Carrier IQ.	Verizon Wireless 还说它不使用 Carrier IQ 。	1
Versatility The N500 trailer mounted unit can be equipped with a gas powered generator to allow for remote brewing or aeration while transporting compost tea.	多功能性 N500 挂车装置可以配备气动发电机，以便在运输堆肥茶时进行远程冲煮或曝气。	2
Verse 17 As for these four children, God gave them knowledge and skill in all learning and wisdom: and Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams.	第 17 节关于这四个孩子，上帝在所有的学习和智慧中给他们知识和技能：而丹尼尔在所有的愿景和梦想中都有理解。	2
Version will be requested before the underwriting process can commence.	在开始授信流程之前，将请求版本。	2
Very gentle slope to the water and million dollar homes surround this lot.	非常温和的水坡和数百万美元的房屋环绕着这个地方。	2
Very nice tv that swivels to meet your needs in generously sized room.	非常漂亮的电视，在宽敞的房间里可以旋转以满足你的需求。	1
Very occasionally, where the operation has been preceded by a significant and unsustainable expansion of the money supply, the Government may be asked to sterilize these accounts in order to curtail inflationary impacts.	在这项行动之前，货币供应的大幅度和不可持续地扩大，有时会要求政府对这些账户进行消毒，以减少通货膨胀的影响。	2
Very simply, Bridges are system building blocks that allow traffic on one bus to cross over to another bus.	简单地说，桥梁是系统构件，允许一辆公共汽车上的交通通过另一辆公共汽车。	1
Vetting Obamas birth certificate goes inline with the constitution.	审查 Obamas 出生证明符合宪法。	0
Via various routes it eventually arrived in Northern Europe.	通过各种路线，最终抵达北欧。	2
Victoria Hotel in Taxco also benefits from three meeting rooms that can accommodate up to 100 people in theatre style ideal also for special events.	位于塔克科的维多利亚酒店还拥有三间会议室，可容纳 100 人，剧院风格也是举办特殊活动的理想场所。	1
Vic was getting ready to turn back to the porch when he heard her cry out.	当维克中心听到她的呼喊时，他正准备回到门廊。	2
Video connector and supplied video cable makes it easy to connect the D50 directly to a television for playing slideshows or viewing individual images.	视频连接器和随附的视频电缆使您可以轻松地将 D50 直接连接到电视上，以便播放幻灯片或查看单个图像。	0
Video Demonstrations As an added service to our customers, Hardy Diagnostics will periodically release video demos of selected products that are sure to interest you.	视频演示作为对客户的附加服务， Hardy Diagnostics 将定期发布您肯定感兴趣的选定产品的视频演示。	0
Video description: Python Pictures brings you a twisted tale of five young innocent girls doing only twisted stuff.	视频描述： Python 图片给你带来了一个扭曲的故事，五个无辜的女孩只做扭曲的东西。	2
Video description: Teens Take It Big has five curious sluts with perky tits and ultra tight pussies in over two hours of hardcore footage!	视频描述：青少年在两个多小时的硬核镜头中，有五个好奇的小块，上面有古怪的滴虫和极度紧张的小牙！	2
Video description: Two awesome hardcore movies rolled into one in this sweet piece from Germany!	视频描述：两部令人惊叹的硬核电影在这部德国的甜片中合二为一！	0
View answer Applicants need to complete an official Registration Form and have it endorsed by your Club Secretary.	查看答案申请人需要填写正式的注册表并获得俱乐部秘书的认可。	1
View the available choices and see how the 2006 Tiburon GT Coupe looks in the different options so you can make sure you choose the color that is right for you.	查看可用选项，并了解 2006 年 Tiburon GT 跑车在不同选项中的外观，以便您可以确保选择适合您的颜色。	0
Viktor looked at her as though she had sprouted a second head.	维克托看着她，仿佛她已经把第二头吐了。	2
Vila Marta Click hotel name to view property details.	维拉玛尔塔酒店（ Vila Marta ）点击酒店名称查看酒店详情。	1
Villard Hall is front yard to Theatre Arts. Rather its sister building Deady Hall, it was intended the National History Landmark around 1977.	维拉德厅是剧院艺术的前院。它的姐妹建筑德迪厅（ Deady Hall ）是 1977 年左右的国家历史地标。	2
Vincent had fallen asleep at the chair, when suddenly he was woken up by the sound of paniced screaming.	文森特在椅子上睡着了，突然被惊醒了。	1
Vincent Rubianes is a regular sight on poker tours across the world.	Vincent Rubianes 是世界各地的扑克巡回演出。	2
Vinny Zollo had seven points and six rebounds and was held scoreless in the second half.	维尼 · 佐洛获得了 7 分 6 个篮板球，在下半场被冷落。	1
Violent shaking of the lake was compared with stirring like shaking a jug of water.	与猛烈摇晃湖泊相比，它像摇晃一壶水一样。	2
Violet did not force her to talk, and that made Cora at ease around her.	紫罗兰并没有强迫她说话，这使得科拉在她周围很放松。	0
Vipin Gupta, a security analyst at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque, New Mexico, suggested that the Indian government should accept the new reality.	新墨西哥州阿尔伯克基桑迪亚国家实验室的安全分析师维平 · 古普塔（ Vipin Gupta ）建议印度政府接受新的现实。	0
Virginia Schmalenberger of Santa Barbara demonstrates musical instruments from around the world.	圣塔芭芭拉的弗吉尼亚 · 施马伦伯格（ Virginia Schmalenberger ）展示了来自世界各地的乐器。	0
Virgo rules over agriculture and so we can use food and herbs as medicine with good results now.	维戈统治着农业，因此我们现在可以把食物和草药作为药品，并取得良好的效果。	0
Virtually all conjunction corrected conceptual incentive is covered under some administration or garage of postsolution license agreement.	几乎所有联合修正的概念激励都包含在解决方案后许可协议的某些管理或车库中。	2
Virtual visitation is becoming a popular way to incorporate the potential of modern technology into the lives of parents and children separated by divorce and distance.	虚拟访问正成为将现代技术的潜力纳入父母和因离婚和距离而失散的儿童生活的一种流行方式。	1
Virus protection software and best practices can be found at the USF Security website.	病毒防护软件和最佳实践可在 USF 安全网站上找到。	1
Visa International will be issuing Visa debit cards in Czechoslovakia and Lithuania.	Visa International 将在捷克斯洛伐克和立陶宛发行 Visa 借记卡。	0
VIS has negotiated with equipment suppliers to shorten the delivery time in order to catch up the schedule.	VIS 已与设备供应商协商缩短交付时间，以赶上进度。	0
Visit Habitat or Dwell for great homestyle offers.	游览 Habitat 或 Dwell ，享受一流的家庭风格优惠。	1
Visit here for great smoothie recipes, ryan sheckler tips on making drink or eat your shake with a spoon over ten to quality protein powder that is labelled as a meal replacement.	来这里品尝美味的冰沙食谱， Ryan Sheckler 关于制作饮料或用十个以上的勺子吃奶昔的建议，以及标记为餐饮替代的优质蛋白质粉。	2
Visiting students will receive their law degrees from their home law school and will not be eligible for an Elon law degree.	来港的学生将获得其家乡法律学校的法律学位，并且没有资格获得 Elon 法律学位。	1
Visiting the centre and taking the honour of cutting the ribbon was UFCW Canada National President Wayne Hanley, accompanied by other staff from the National Office.	加拿大 UFCW 国家总统韦恩 · 汉利在国家办公室的其他工作人员的陪同下参观了该中心并为剪下的丝带而感到荣幸。	1
Visitors should ask for local advice and permission before heading off.	游客在出发前应征求当地的建议和许可。	0
Visitors who request services through this site may be required to furnish additional information in order to provide the service requested.	通过本网站请求服务的访客可能需要提供额外信息才能提供所请求的服务。	0
Visit our Restaurant page for more details of Opening times, menus and prices.	有关营业时间，菜单和价格的更多详细信息，请访问我们的餐厅页面。	0
Visit out store at Cafe Press for fun gifts KBB has commercial grade recycling bins for sale.	请前往 Cafe Press 的商店购买有趣的礼物 KBB 出售商业级回收箱。	1
Visits include the famous Bayon Temple, Phimeanakas Temple within the Royal Palace enclosure, Baphuon Temple, the Terrace of the Elephants and the Terrace of the Leper King.	参观的景点包括著名的巴戎寺，皇宫内的菲曼纳卡斯寺，巴普胡恩寺，大象露台和雷普国王的露台。	1
Visit the Passieg de Manuel Puigvert, a promenade built at the end of the nineteenth century.	参观 Pansieg de Manuel Puigvert ，这是一个建于 19 世纪末的长廊。	0
Visit us today to meet your new best friend!	立即访问我们，与您的新朋友见面！	1
Visuospatial deficits can include impairments in visuoperceptual abilities and visuoconstructive abilities.	可视空间缺陷可以包括视觉能力和视觉建设性能力的缺陷。	0
Vitamin C helps reduce the risk of developing glaucoma, macular degeneration or cataracts.	维生素 C 有助于降低发生青光眼，黄斑变性或白内障的风险。	1
Vitamin D 2 is produced by ultraviolet irradiation of ergosterol isolated from yeast and is purified by crystallization.	维生素 D 2 由从酵母分离的核菌素紫外线照射产生，并通过结晶纯化。	1
VITRAL panels are products of high quality and are both flexible and elegant by design.	玻璃面板是高质量的产品，设计灵活优雅。	0
Volume must be sufficiently audible to pedestrians and other vehicles.	对于行人和其他车辆，音量必须足够大。	0
Volunteerism is something which is really important to me so hopefully I can participate in and host some events with this group.	志愿服务对我来说是非常重要的，因此希望我能够参与并主办一些与这个小组一起举办的活动。	0
Volunteers stay in the house and everyone eats there.	志愿者留在家里，每个人都在那里吃饭。	1
Voted twice in ten years by Money Magazine Best Place to Live in America.	十年来两次被《钱杂志》评选为美国最佳居住地。	1
Vote your conscience and vote for the candidate that you believe will best represent your interests and the interests of the members of this department.	投票选举您的良心并投票选举您认为最能代表您的利益和本部门成员的利益的候选人。	1
Voyager Tumbler is one of many Metal And Plastic Cups And Mugs available through Office Depot.	Voyager Tumbler 是 Office Depot 提供的众多金属和塑料杯和杯子之一。	1
VTT is an important research institute in Oulu and people from VTT were included in the snowball sampling.	VTT 是奥卢的一个重要研究机构， VTT 的人员被纳入了雪球取样。	2
Vulval pain and psychosexual problems are discussed extensively in other sections of this text.	文中的其他章节广泛讨论了 Vulval 疼痛和性精神病问题。	1
Wading River Photographer Hiring Tips We understand that finding the perfect Photographer can be a challenge.	涉水河摄影师招聘技巧我们深知寻找完美的摄影师可能是一项挑战。	2
Waiting for a coolish day to make broth with this and then jook with the broth.	等待一个凉爽的日子，用这个做肉汤，然后用肉汤来煮。	1
Wakefield garnered the monthly honor by leading Blast defenders with 10 points over three games.	在三场比赛中，瓦克菲尔德以 10 分的成绩赢得了领先的防守球员的每月荣誉。	2
Wake up and I will help you decipher everything!	醒来后，我会帮你把一切都擦得去！	2
Waking and unable to go back to sleep, Bella had wandered naked into the living room and laid down to read 'Little Birds' for the umpteenth time.	贝拉醒来后无法重返睡眠，无数次赤身裸体地走进客厅，躺在那儿读了“小鸟”。	1
Waldahl offered tips that he said are good for any disaster preparedness be it tornado or a winter storm.	Waldahl 提供了一些提示，他说，无论是龙卷风还是冬季风暴，都是应对灾难的好方法。	1
Walking away was agonizing for them, and they did not want to do so.	走出去对他们来说是痛苦的，他们不想这样做。	1
Walking softly across the carpet he peeked into the bathroom and smiled when he saw that she had shed her bathrobe, lite a few candles and was in the process of taking a bubble bath.	他轻轻地穿过地毯，走进浴室，当他看到她放了浴袍，点了几支蜡烛，并正在泡泡泡浴的过程中时，他微笑着。	2
Walking up to their smiling friends Lily smiled back and hugged them all.	走在微笑的朋友身边的莉莉笑了起来，拥抱了他们所有人。	1
Walks: Add a good brisk walk or other regular exercise and life will be near perfect for your dog as well as give you fresh air too.	散步：加入一个良好的快速步行或其他常规运动，生活对您的狗来说是近乎完美的，也会给您新鲜的空气。	2
Wall Finish All walls will be finished with two coats of putty, one coat of primer and two coats of emulsion paint.	墙面漆所有墙面都将涂有两层腻子，一层底漆和两层乳化漆。	2
Walter knows where Jones is going to try to open a door next, so he and Peter head to Reiden Lake to stop Jones from crossing over.	沃尔特知道琼斯要在哪里开门，所以他和彼得去莱顿湖，阻止琼斯过境。	1
Want to bridge the past and future in glorious style?	想要用辉煌的风格来跨越过去和未来？	1
Want to Travel and Work in Emiwoziri Hotels?	想在艾米沃齐里酒店旅行和工作吗？	0
Want to Travel and Work in Gdovskiy Rayon Hotels?	想要在戈多夫斯基雷昂酒店旅行和工作？	1
Want your kids to stand out from the crowd?	希望您的孩子能够脱颖而出？	0
Ward cried out in pain but to his credit he tried to walk for them.	沃德痛苦地哭了出来，但为了他的功劳，他试图为他们走。	2
Warner and what he has done for Virginia.	华纳以及他为弗吉尼亚所做的一切。	0
Warning do not look at the Sun without the specified no.	警告如果没有指定的编号，请不要查看 Sun	2
Warrington sniggered, and I was ready to pound him then and there.	瓦灵顿打了个雪，我准备在那跟他打一分。	2
Wash the seeds, soaking is not strictly necessary, and spread them sparsely on the stainless steel mesh of the Cress Tray or on a thoroughly moistened bag and water or mist daily.	清洗种子，严格地不需要浸泡，然后将其稀疏地分布在硬碟的不锈钢网上，或每天都放在完全湿润的袋子上，水或雾上。	1
Was it a punch, or a grab and pull from a person who know it would hurt after some fooling around?	这是一个打孔，还是一个对一个知道它会在四处走动后受伤的人的抓取和拉扯？	2
Was it just coincidence that he stood straight across from the door when she entered as if at the end of a church by the altar?	当她进入教堂时，他站在门外直立，仿佛在祭坛旁的一个教堂的尽头，这难道只是巧合吗？	1
Was it just for fun and for looks?	它只是为了娱乐和外观？	1
Was just the product I was looking for.	就是我想要的产品。	0
Wastes that contain sulfates seep through soil and contaminate groundwater.	含有硫酸盐的废物通过土壤渗出并污染地下水。	0
Was you born in to believing or did something happen in your life that led you to believe?	您出生是因为相信，还是在生活中发生了导致您相信的事情？	2
Watari struggles as he is pulled forward and caught in an aggressive kiss.	瓦塔里在被拉前，被一个咄咄逼人的亲吻所吸引的时候挣扎着。	2
Watch batteries supplied and fitted at the card stall.	观察卡停止时提供和安装的电池。	2
Watch for our upcoming programme which is designed to help you start a fire under your business.	关注我们即将推出的计划，该计划旨在帮助您在业务中启动一场火灾。	2
Watch hours and hours of this adult movie and enjoy!	观看这部成人电影的时间和时间，尽情享受吧！	2
Watch in the coming days as man declares his powers and rights to live as he pleases.	在未来的日子里，人们会注意到他宣称自己的权力和权利可以像他所喜欢的那样生活。	1
Watch Now CMMB On The Front Lines 0 AIDS, Malaria and Dengue Fever are seen daily by CMMB Staff who work daily providing care to those who need it most.	立即观看 CMMB 在前线的报道 0 艾滋病，疟疾和登革热每天都由 CMMB 的工作人员看到，他们每天都在为最需要的人提供护理。	2
Watch to see when the wax has almost melted completely so you can add your wax dye.	观察蜡何时几乎完全熔化，以便添加蜡染。	1
Water is added to a sample of solid magnesium nitride.	在固体镁氮化物样品中加入水。	1
Waterville Valley Ski Resort : Provides information about the adaptive ski program at the resort located in New Hampshire.	Waterville Valley Ski Resort ：提供有关新罕布什尔州度假村适应性滑雪项目的信息。	1
Wayson Choy recalls how a Vancouver librarian steered him away from comic books and into the mesmerizing world of Hans Christian Andersen.	Wayson Choy 回忆起温哥华图书管理员如何引导他远离漫画书，进入汉斯 · 克里斯蒂安 · 安德森迷人的世界。	0
We acknowledge that almost all of us are immigrants ourselves: we live in nations built on land taken from others.	我们承认，我们几乎所有人都是移民自己：我们生活在建立在从他人那里取来的土地上的国家。	1
We adjusted for nonresponse and tested the sensitivity of our findings to nonresponse bias.	我们针对无响应进行了调整，并测试了我们的发现对无响应偏倚的敏感度。	0
We advise that vegetarian meals can be repetitive.	我们建议素食可以重复。	1
We aim to provide you with a quality experience at whichever centre you chose.	我们的目标是在您选择的任何中心为您提供优质体验。	1
Weaknesses included poorly defined roles and, ironically, the low level of priority given to the actual operation of the projects among some organisations.	弱点包括作用定义不明确，具有讽刺意味的是，一些组织对项目的实际运作给予的重视程度很低。	2
We all found ourselves away from our families on Thanksgiving for the first time, which was a little strange.	我们都发现自己第一次在感恩节离开我们的家庭，这有点奇怪。	2
We all have astonishing bills which might cocktail up from time to time.	我们都有令人惊讶的账单，可能不时地起鸡尾酒。	2
We all have our favorite methods to use in our net businesses, but we urge you to look at the bigger picture when you are being introduced to new things that really could prove to work well.	我们都有我们最喜欢的方法用于我们的网络业务，但我们敦促您在向您介绍真正可以证明有效的新事物时，了解更广阔的前景。	1
We all have this voice, all we have to do is become calm and quiet enough to listen to it.	我们都有这种声音，我们所要做的就是变得平静和安静，足以倾听它的声音。	1
We all know that a clean, strong and well functioning colon is quintessential to maintaining the best possible health.	我们都知道，一个干净，强壮，功能良好的结肠对于保持最佳健康至关重要。	2
We all know the answer to that one...	我们都知道答案 ...	0
We all seem to know one — someone who can frustratingly eat whatever and how much they want and never seem to gain weight.	我们似乎都知道一个人—一个可以沮丧地吃他们想要吃的东西和多少东西的人，而且似乎从未获得分量。	2
We all thought Al Mamzar beach was better.	我们都认为 Al Mamzar 海滩更好	1
We also both expressed that we had been having doubts about the relationship simply because of how busy Simeon is going to be.	我们也都表示，我们对这种关系一直有怀疑，仅仅是因为 Simeon 会有多忙。	1
We also continue to maintain our focus on developing and training our staff.	我们还将继续专注于培养和培训我们的员工。	0
We also do global arrangements for world trips upon request.	我们还应要求为世界旅行作出全球安排。	0
We also had a lot of pets, so there were plenty animals to play with.	我们也有很多宠物，所以有很多动物可以玩耍。	0
We also have many professional mediators who volunteer their services to the consortium.	我们还有许多专业调解员，他们向财团自愿提供服务。	0
We also noticed the phenolic spacer included on not only the intake to head gasket but also a phenolic spacer on the throttle body to intake manifold side.	我们还注意到，不仅进气缸盖密封垫上包含酚醛垫圈，还包括节气门体上至进气歧管侧的酚醛垫圈。	1
We also offer our own umbrella school for homeschoolers in the State of Florida.	我们还为佛罗里达州的家庭合唱团提供我们自己的伞式学校。	1
We also only specialise in high growth areas that offer our clients long term value.	我们还专注于为客户提供长期价值的高增长领域。	1
We also played several other games - I'll post some pics shortly - but I wanted to give a few quick comments on this game.	我们还玩了几场其他的游戏——我很快就会发布一些照片——但我想对这场游戏给出一些简短的评论。	1
We always look to expand and explore in new markets,...	我们一直希望在新市场中拓展和探索 ...	0
Weapon switching would be made quicker and easier.	武器转换将变得更快，更容易。	1
We appreciate you kkeping us up to date on these matters!	感谢您及时了解这些信息！	0
We are a founder member of the Independent Safety Consultants Association (ISCA).	我们是独立安全顾问协会（ ISCA ）的创始成员。	0
We are after all ancestors of sweet corn sugar dots plant and check the spices of marks who lived in jungles.	我们是所有甜玉米糖点植物的祖先，并检查生活在丛林中的标记的香料。	2
We are a group dedicated to having a good time.	我们是一个致力于度过美好时光的团队。	0
We are a group of Disney World enthusiasts who want to assist you in making the most of your next Disney World vacation.	我们是一群迪士尼世界爱好者，希望帮助您充分利用您的下一次迪士尼世界假期。	1
We are a growing liberal arts and sciences institution, with special Indigenous partnerships, committed to creating an environment of success for all students.	我们是一个不断发展的自由艺术和科学机构，有着特别的土著伙伴关系，致力于为所有学生创造一个成功的环境。	1
We are all a product of our own experiences.	我们都是我们自己经历的产物。	0
We are all aware that these are many and varied!	我们都知道，这些都是多种多样的！	2
We are all people and we should be treated equally.	我们都是人民，我们应该得到平等的对待。	0
We are all surviving one thing or another.	我们都在一件事或另一件事上生存。	2
We are also planning to have short events inviting creative people from Japan and overseas.	我们还计划举办短期活动，邀请来自日本和海外的创意人士参加。	0
We are also very grateful to our Steering Group for their helpful advice during the study and their assistance with the draft report.	我们也非常感谢我们的指导小组在研究期间提出的有益建议和对报告草稿的协助。	1
We are a strong team of highly qualified specialists possessing a diverse professional experience in IT area, economy and other key businesses.	我们是一支由高素质专家组成的强大团队，在 IT 领域，经济领域和其他关键业务领域拥有丰富的专业经验。	0
We are a very happily married couple who are very much in love.	我们是一对非常幸福的已婚夫妇，他们非常热爱。	2
We are awaiting your membership to start our first Meetup hosted at our new Grand Asia Market location in Matthews!	我们正在等待您成为我们的会员，在我们位于 Matthews 的新的亚洲大市场举办首届 Meetup ！	1
We are bound to have the faith of others.	我们必定有其他人的信仰。	2
We are committed to our people and encourage them to grow and develop from both a career and personal perspective.	我们致力于帮助我们的员工，并鼓励他们从职业和个人角度发展和发展。	1
We are committed to working with you and your child every step of the way to ensure their dream of becoming a pilot is fulfilled - together we can make it happen.	我们致力于与您和您的孩子合作，确保他们成为试点的梦想实现——我们共同努力实现这一梦想。	0
We are confident that money can be made in difficult financial markets.	我们相信，在困难的金融市场上可以赚钱。	1
We are considering, in conjunction with the Lord Chief Justice and the judicial Heads of Division, how we might make better use of the experience of family judges and Magistrates.	我们正与终审法院首席法官和司法部门首长一起考虑如何更好地利用家庭法官和治安法官的经验。	0
We are constantly reminded of the precious gift of freedom that we possess here in Canada.	我们经常被提醒我们在加拿大拥有的宝贵的自由礼物。	1
We are continuing to develop techniques to incorporate dynamic information from NMR into the structure determination of nucleic acid solution conformations.	我们正在继续开发将核磁共振的动态信息纳入核酸溶液构造结构测定的技术。	0
We are convinced that the trust in our over 1100 listed clients will be further strengthened through the stock exchange listing on the German Stock Market.	我们深信，通过在德国证券市场上市，对 1100 多家上市客户的信任将得到进一步加强。	1
We are dealing here with an individual who can be explained only through himself.	我们在这里与一个只能通过自己解释的人打交道。	1
We are determined to be the generation that grows up to establish socialism in this country.	我们决心成为在我国建立社会主义的一代人。	2
We are devoted to providing superior products and services to clients, a golden rule followed by our staff.	我们致力于为客户提供卓越的产品和服务，这是员工遵循的黄金法则。	0
We are entitled to get a paycheck and make a living.	我们有权得到一张工资支票并谋生。	1
We are familiar with the demanding deadlines imposed by the Court.	我们熟悉法院规定的严格期限。	0
We are fortunate to be able to offer classes in all of these disciplines to help enhance the lives of our senior adult community members.	我们很幸运能够提供所有这些学科的课程，以帮助我们的成年社区成员改善生活。	1
We are fortunate to work with so many talented and motivated people.	我们很幸运能够与这么多有才华和有积极性的人合作。	0
We are getting more and more images up there for you to choose from.	我们正在获得越来越多的图像供您选择。	1
We are glad that you have visited the Fort in Agra and have seen the Taj Mahal.	我们很高兴您参观了阿格拉堡，并参观了泰姬陵。	1
We are glad to establish good relationship with more and more customers from all over the world.	我们很高兴能与世界各地越来越多的客户建立良好的关系。	0
We are headed to a baby shower and want to share our favorite gifts to give and receive.	我们前往婴儿淋浴，想要分享我们最喜爱的礼物。	2
We are hoping that the training will happen in TAFE campuses all around the Kimberley at the beginning of 2006.	我们希望，培训将于 2006 年初在金伯利周围的 TAFE 校园进行。	0
We are interested in estimating the concentration of substance X in the Baltimore water supply on the basis of measurements of a number of samples.	我们有兴趣根据对多种样品的测量结果估计巴尔的摩供水中物质 X 的浓度。	2
We are looking at various different knee injuries and other lower extremity injuries as well as shoulder and elbow injuries.	我们正在研究各种不同的膝部损伤和其他下肢损伤以及肩部和肘部损伤。	0
We are looking for a department manager who has a passion for business and management.	我们正在寻找对业务和管理充满热情的部门经理。	0
We are looking for parent volunteers to accompany the teams and to help us chaperone this event.	我们正在寻找家长志愿者陪伴团队，帮助我们组织这次活动。	1
We are looking for stars in the making to join our brand new team.	我们正在寻找品牌创造中的明星加入我们全新的团队。	1
We are looking forward to forming a relationship with you in the near future.	我们期待着在不久的将来与您建立关系。	0
We are members of Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park for over a year.	我们是 Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park 超过一年的成员。	2
We are no longer responsible for our actions when we allow ourselves to blame others for our actions.	当我们允许自己将我们的行动归咎于他人时，我们就不再对我们的行动负责。	0
We are not working solely for the benefit of our party.	我们并非仅仅为了我们党的利益而工作。	0
We are now in the fourth and final phase of Signs That Work.	我们现在正处于第四阶段，也是最后阶段，这种迹象是有效的。	2
We are now looking to set a wedding date.	我们现在正在寻找婚礼日期。	1
We are open for lunch and dinner, and a kids area is available with playstations included to occupy the kids!	我们提供午餐和晚餐，设有儿童区，还提供可供孩子们玩耍的游戏站！	0
We are planning this for the club and its members so your view very much counts.	我们正在为俱乐部及其会员计划这一计划，因此您的观点非常重要。	0
We are pleased you are here to enjoy it with us.	我们很高兴您来到这里与我们一起享受这一美好时光。	1
We are proud of our high percentage of wins at trial.	我们为在试赛中获得的高比例胜利感到自豪。	1
We are providing the very best female escort girl companionship in the Czech republic.	我们正在捷克共和国提供最好的女伴陪伴女伴。	2
We are running far behind in air defence compared to our advarsary.	与我们的冒险相比，我们在防空方面远远落后。	1
We are scarcely perplexed at seeing her go.	看到她走了，我们几乎不会感到困惑。	1
We are twinsouls, adding our souls as extra ones in bodies that need us.	我们是两个灵魂，在需要我们的身体中加入我们的灵魂作为额外的灵魂。	2
We are two guys from the north of England.	我们是两个来自英国北部的人。	0
We are two teachers looking for teaching positions in an English speaking school in Cyprus.	我们是两名教师，正在塞浦路斯的一所英语学校寻找教学职位。	0
We are using current web standards that these browsers do not ...	我们使用的是这些浏览器不使用的当前 Web 标准 ...	2
We are very excited at the prospect of this seminar because Sheriff Nash used the very tenets he will discuss with us to reduce the crime rate by 32 percent in his community.	我们对这次研讨会的前景感到非常兴奋，因为 Sheriff Nash 使用了他将与我们讨论的原则，将他的社区的犯罪率降低了 32% 。	1
We are very sorry for this inconvenience, and we will look to reschedule ASAP!	对此造成的不便，我们深表歉意，我们将尽快重新安排！	0
We are working in partnership with a leading provider of Molecular Biology Laboratory Ser...	我们正在与一家领先的分子生物学实验室系列提供商合作 ...	0
We are your neighbours and compadres, so even though they are on their way I think we would all still like to know how we wound up at the bottom of the list.	我们是你们的邻居和商号，所以即使他们在他们的路上，我想我们都仍然想知道我们如何在名单的最底层结束。	2
We arrived at the conclusion that it was impossible to disregard Andrei.	我们得出的结论是，不可能忽视安德烈。	0
We ask each year for participation from the membership to make this newsletter reflect the experience and expertise of our local community.	我们每年都要求会员参与，以使这份通讯反映我们当地社区的经验和专门知识。	1
We ask that Thou will be with us tonight in our study.	我们要求你今晚在我们的研究中与我们在一起。	2
We assessed compliance with the study regimen by recording tablet counts.	我们通过记录平板电脑计数来评估研究方案的合规性。	1
We assist clients who reside in the United States and clients who are trying to enter the United States.	我们为居住在美国的客户和试图进入美国的客户提供帮助。	0
We assure you that when you visit the site, you wish to have your own home at DC Ranch.	我们向您保证，当您参观该场地时，您希望在 DC Ranch 拥有自己的家。	1
We assure you the best quality of service matching the standard of the industry.	我们为您提供符合行业标准的最佳服务质量。	0
We at Discovering Alabama regularly hear from teachers who would like to see greater support for the interdisciplinary environmental programming provided by the Discovering Alabama series.	我们发现阿拉巴马州的时候经常听到一些教师的声音，他们希望看到发现阿拉巴马州系列提供的跨学科环境方案得到更多的支持。	1
Weather in Grenada Unexpected weather conditions are always a possible when you are on vacation in Grenada.	格林纳达的天气如果您在格林纳达度假，总是有可能出现意想不到的天气状况。	1
We at The Washington Post blog The Daily Gripe wrote about this a while ago, is the situation the same?	我们在华盛顿邮报的博客上，一段时间前每天都在谈论这一问题，情况是否相同？	1
We await their counsel on the complex issue of Liberia.	我们期待着他们就利比里亚这一复杂问题提供咨询意见。	0
We baptized him along with 4 other students in the middle of UNLV campus with a bucket of water.	我们用一桶水在 UNLV 校园中心与其他 4 名学生一起对他进行洗礼。	1
We believe our machines can help bring you the height of enjoyment and appreciation of the natural world.	我们相信我们的机器可以帮助您感受自然世界的乐趣和欣赏。	1
We believe that High Quality and Good Reputation are the best ways to attract and maintain our clients long termed cooperation & support.	我们相信，高质量和良好声誉是吸引和维护客户的最佳方式，这种方式被称为合作与支持。	0
We believe that now is the time for action by the packaged ice industry.	我们认为，现在是包装冰业采取行动的时候了。	0
We believe that people experiencing homelessness should understand their legal rights and have the power to assert them.	我们认为，无家可归的人应该了解他们的合法权利，并有权维护他们的合法权利。	1
We believe those programs and ideas would be bad for the country.	我们认为，这些方案和想法将对该国不利。	1
Web hosting plans offered by 110mb are considered 'shared hosting accounts' which allow members to rent server space at a discounted rate because the space is shared by other members.	110mb 提供的 Web 托管计划被视为 " 共享托管帐户 " ，允许成员以折扣费率租用服务器空间，因为空间由其他成员共享。	0
Web marketing techniques are changing and evolving with the fast changing web world.	Web 营销技术随着快速变化的 Web 世界而不断变化和发展。	0
We booked it through the Minneapolis AAA travel office.	我们是通过明尼阿波利斯 AAA 旅行社预订的。	0
We booked the hotel with our flight and rental car on Expedia.	我们在 Expedia 上预订了航班和租车的酒店。	1
We bought this a couple of years ago and it has been used a couple of times a week.	我们几年前购买了这款产品，每周使用几次。	0
Website marketing may benefit your small business by letting you to focus fully on individuals who are actively searching for your particular goods.	网站营销可以使您的小型企业受益，让您可以将注意力完全集中在积极搜索您的特定商品的个人身上。	1
Web sites respond differently from other advertising media for two primary reasons.	网站的响应与其他广告媒体不同，主要有两个原因。	0
Website traffic promotion software can include some of the features that can help affect your business growth in a positive way.	网站流量促销软件可以包括一些功能，这些功能可以帮助您以积极的方式影响业务增长。	1
Webster was ordered to clear the house and therefore putting the children on the street.	Webster 被命令清理房屋，因此将儿童放在街上。	1
Web traffic is a way to popularize your website.	Web 流量是普及您的网站的一种方式。	1
We bumped bodies hahaha that only happened because I kept walking.	我们撞了尸体，哈哈，这是因为我一直在走路。	2
We can also create a culture from our own perspectives to influence how other people think, act and do their job tasks.	我们还可以从自己的角度创建一种文化，以影响其他人的思考，行动和工作任务。	1
We can also make a thicker Barrell to help stop dogs that mouth or chew their dumbells.	我们还可以制作一个更厚的圆筒，帮助阻止那些口蹄疫或咀嚼它们的哑铃的狗。	1
We can argue our cases, and seek the common good for this country and this world, always letting the Bible show us what our priorities should be in this.	我们可以论证我们的情况，为这个国家和这个世界谋求共同利益，总是让《圣经》向我们表明我们在这方面的优先事项。	1
We can clearly see that there exists a relationship between smoking and cancer: The probability that a smoker develops cancer is and the probability that a nonsmoker develops cancer is only .	我们可以清楚地看到吸烟与癌症之间存在着某种关系：吸烟者患癌症的概率是，非吸烟者患癌症的概率只是。	0
We can commonly do so much more than a single dominant player could do.	我们通常可以做的比单个主导角色所能做的多得多。	0
We can display your ads and distribute your articles that will promote your business to your target audience.	我们可以展示您的广告并分发您的文章，以向您的目标受众宣传您的业务。	1
We can help provide premium Bruins Beavers tickets or any other event as well as other major sports events throughout the country.	我们可以帮助您提供高档的布鲁恩 · 博弗斯门票或任何其他活动以及全国其他大型体育赛事。	2
We can help you achieve full regulatory compliance, enhance your operations and cement your reputation as a trustworthy custodian of valuable data.	我们可以帮助您实现完全合规性，增强您的运营并巩固您作为宝贵数据的可靠保管人的声誉。	1
We can help you with all phases from new home construction to replacement and upgrades: We pride ourselves on being Green and choosing environmentally safe practices.	我们可以帮助您完成从新建房屋到更换和升级的所有阶段：我们以绿色环保和选择环保做法为荣。	0
We can help you with all your tanning needs including commercial or salon tanning beds, lotions and parts.	我们可以帮助您满足您的所有日光浴需求，包括商用或沙龙日光浴床，洗浴用品和零件。	2
We can hope that it will be the best template who wants to get it for there need.	我们可以希望它将成为最好的模板，让它满足需求。	1
We can however be more successful if we also try to incite our local people to invest more in Fiji.	然而，如果我们还试图煽动当地人民在斐济投资更多，我们就会更加成功。	1
We can let them more freely unfold according to the processes of the Universe embedded in them.	我们可以让它们根据它们中所包含的宇宙的过程更自由地展开。	2
We can make a sample to show you what it many look like.	我们可以做一个示例向您展示它的许多外观。	1
We can pray that our Lord would open our hearts and minds to understand His Son, Jesus Christ.	我们可以祈祷我们的主将敞开我们的心和思想，理解他的儿子，耶稣基督。	2
We can probably organize another one this year.	今年我们可能还可以再组织一次。	0
We can start with examining our own beliefs and attitudes, which shape our responses.	我们可以从审视我们自己的信念和态度开始，这些信念和态度决定了我们的反应。	1
We can then have a substantive discussion about the themes I address.	然后，我们可以就我所讨论的主题进行实质性讨论。	0
We can transform this barrier that separates these two > great visions into a bridge that unites them.	我们可以把把这两个伟大愿景分隔开来的屏障转变成一座将它们团结在一起的桥梁。	2
We caught a Kahawai there and I also caught an undersized Blue cod a bit random I thought considering we were over a sandy bottom.	… 在那里抓了一只卡哈瓦伊，我也抓了一只尺寸不足的蓝鳕鱼。我认为我们是在沙底上。	1
We caught this error this morning and notified KOAT of the error.	我们今天早上发现了这一错误，并将该错误通知了 KOAT 。	0
We check whether any of the previously identified classes are related, and define abstract superclasses factoring our the shared properties if this is the case.	我们会检查之前标识的任何类是否相关，并定义抽象超类，在这种情况下，将我们的共享属性包括在内。	2
We chose to look at two definitions that would measure the supply and demand of ICT practitioners.	我们选择了两个定义来衡量信通技术从业人员的供求情况。	0
We come to appreciate we may have done better but for the tools we were equipped by life.	我们开始认识到，我们可能做得更好，但我们的工具却是生命中的装备。	1
We continue on to Orissa with its beautiful people, temples and wonderful textiles.	我们继续前往奥里萨，那里有美丽的人，寺庙和美妙的纺织品。	2
We could agree that this was only an option given at some point, but the sole fact of projecting these into text and giving not much choice is determinant to our impression.	我们可以同意，这只是在某种程度上给出的一个选择，但将这些内容推入案文而不给予太多选择的唯一事实是我们印象的决定因素。	1
We could make some real money on this thing.	我们可以在这件事上赚一些钱。	1
We could read the sequel on our own or when we meet in September we can choose to read it for October.	我们可以自己阅读续集，或者当我们在 9 月开会时，我们可以选择在 10 月阅读。	1
We could then use our oil wealth to make the necessary capital investment into our infrastructure.	然后，我们可以利用我们的石油财富对我们的基础设施进行必要的资本投资。	0
We could use a couple thousand more observations so that we can get a good dataset that will help gardeners figure out which varieties will work best in their gardens.	我们可以再用几千个观察结果，这样我们就可以得到一个很好的数据集，帮助园丁们找出在他们的花园里最有效的品种。	1
We currently have an excellent opportunity within our support office in Darlington for a Trainee Marketing Executive...	我们目前在达灵顿的支持办公室内有一个绝佳的机会，可以让学员成为营销主管 ...	0
We currently have an opening for a Senior Cold Fusion Web Application Developer in our Midtown Manhattan office...	目前，我们在曼哈顿中城办事处开设了一个高级冷融合 Web 应用程序开发人员的职位 ...	1
We debate doctrine but have not won ANYBODY to Christ whom we say we know and love.	我们辩论理论，但没有赢得我们所说的我们认识和爱的任何人。	2
Wedge ring rollers use rubber rings to form reconsolidated strips into which the seed is sown.	楔形环滚轮使用橡胶环形成重新整合的条带，从而将种子播种到其中。	1
We do however list in full the minimum diamond, gem stone and metal weights included in each piece with in the detailed description of each item.	但是，我们会完整列出每件商品中包含的最小钻石，宝石和金属重量，并在每件商品的详细描述中列出。	0
We do recommend that there is someone available to meet our staff on arrival.	我们建议您在抵达时有人与我们的员工会面。	0
We do supply a limited number of public payphones to use from wheelchairs.	我们确实提供了数量有限的公共付费电话供轮椅使用。	0
We do win some of the time, and even when we lose, we use that as an opportunity to build our movement and prepare for the next battle.	我们确实赢得了一些时间，即使我们输了，我们也利用这一机会来建立我们的运动，为下一场战斗做准备。	1
We each have to decide for ourselves where we stand on these issues.	我们每个人都必须自己决定我们在这些问题上的立场。	0
We each must go through realizations of what is real and there lies our spirit, the true essence of ourselves.	我们每个人都必须认识到真实的东西，我们的精神是我们自己的真正本质。	1
Weeds High density plantings and physical or mechanical weed control are the most common practices used to prevent weed problems in basil.	杂草高密度种植和物理或机械杂草控制是防止罗勒杂草问题的最常见做法。	2
We either deny that He came or we believe.	我们要么否认他来了，要么我们相信。	1
Weeks or classi clean effective treatment for health issues and minor. teaching supreme court cases World suffer from my careers are located to patients.	对健康问题和小问题的有效治疗是几周或几年。教书最高法院案件世界因我的职业而遭受痛苦的是病人。	2
We elected a leader true to his word.	我们选出了一位忠于他的话的领导人。	1
We especially welcome your prayers and if God places it on your heart - your small to large donations given commensurate to how He has blessed you.	我们特别欢迎你们的祈祷，如果上帝把它放在你的心上，那么我们就会特别欢迎你们，你们的小笔或大笔捐款都是他给你们的恩赐。	1
We estimate a very small impact on this market.	我们估计对这个市场的影响很小。	0
We even go shopping together for lingerie and have matching sets.	我们甚至一起购物寻找内衣，并有匹配的套装。	1
We expect you to not only be honest and straight yourself, but also to do your utmost to help your fellow students stay honest and straight.	我们希望您不仅诚实正直，而且尽最大努力帮助您的同学保持诚实和直立。	1
We fed them with bottles of formula and tried to keep them warm.	我们给他们喂了一瓶配方奶粉，并试图让他们保持温暖。	1
We feel that by cooperating in these projects that we will allow new drugs to reach the marketplace sooner and allow lives to be saved.	我们认为，通过在这些项目中进行合作，我们将使新的毒品更快地进入市场，并使生命得以拯救。	2
We feel that this has also resulted in an increased satisfaction level since students know what they are signing up for.	我们认为，这也提高了学生的满意度，因为学生知道他们正在注册什么。	2
We filed out and I kept thinking I am not reacting because I have met this guy.	我们提出申请，我一直认为我没有反应，因为我遇到了这个人。	2
We finally got to the bus stop and exited the bus.	我们终于到了公共汽车站，并离开了公共汽车。	2
We find that the stimulus package will improve GDP and have some impact on reducing the extent of job losses.	我们发现，一揽子刺激计划将改善国内生产总值，并对减少就业机会损失的程度产生一定影响。	1
We finished the day by stopping near the ruins of an ancient bridge that was part of the ancient Khmer Highway that ran northwest from the Angkor complex to Phimai, Thailand.	我们在一座古老的桥遗址附近停下来，这座桥是古老的高棉公路的一部分，从吴哥窟向西北方向往泰国菲迈。	1
We firmly believe that all students must learn to read so that they can read to learn.	我们坚信，所有学生都必须学会读书，以便他们能够读书学习。	1
We focus on research and development of innovative Acridine Raw Material...	我们专注于研发创新的亚克里丁原材料 ...	0
We found one in Bellevue that we looked at four times before I finally decided that we should put in an offer on it.	我们在贝尔维尤找到了一个，在我最后决定提出一个建议之前，我们已经看了四次。	2
We gave the innkeeper the soup from the Red Cross parcels to cook for our meal.	我们给了老板红十字包裹的汤来烹饪我们的饭菜。	2
We get guns from everywhere and sell ours everywhere.	我们从任何地方获得枪支，在任何地方销售。	1
We got hold of the information through a security source inside Baghdad.	我们通过巴格达的一个安全来源掌握了这些信息。	0
We got nearer and nearer to the island and I stopped struggling.	我们越来越靠近岛上，我不再挣扎。	1
We guarantee that the CD key is included for all games that require one for installation.	我们保证所有需要安装光盘的游戏都包含光盘密钥。	0
We guarantee the quality of our products to meet or exceed most factory standards.	我们保证产品质量达到或超过大多数工厂标准。	0
We guarantee this DVD will be jam packed with all your favorite Asian adult starlets.	我们保证这张 DVD 将与您最喜爱的亚洲成年明星一起装好。	2
We had a blues band come in and play music for us and we had a great selection of food from all areas of the world.	我们有一个蓝调乐队来为我们演奏音乐，我们有来自世界各地的丰富食物可供选择。	0
We had a great time and want to stay in touch as we found Dominican men very nice, polite and a lot of fun.	我们度过了一段美好的时光，并且希望与我们保持联系，因为我们发现多米尼加人非常好，有礼貌，而且很有趣。	1
We had been sitting out there for a long time when we saw a blue Mercedes coming down the road from Bambeto.	当我们看到一个蓝色的梅赛德斯从班贝多一路下来时，我们坐在那里已经很长时间了。	1
We had done renovations and sold houses before and wanted to do same thing in Calgary.	我们以前做过翻修，出售过房屋，现在想在卡尔加里做同样的事情。	1
We had first lost our way and then smashed the machine.	我们先迷路了，然后又砸碎了机器。	1
We had no real mechanical problems throughout the day and in general this week, with testing new items and drivers, has had a very positive effect on the team.	我们全天都没有真正的机械问题，通常在本周，通过测试新项目和驾驶员，对车队产生了非常积极的影响。	2
We hadnt been dating long before he went abroad.	在他出国之前，我们还没有很久的约会。	2
We had to settle for it since the large rooms were taken.	因为房间很大，我们不得不解决这个问题。	2
We have added some easy and convenient ways to link to Disabled World from your website or Myspace and subscribe to our rss feeds.	我们添加了一些简单方便的方法，从您的网站或 MySpace 链接到残障人士世界，并订阅我们的 RSS 订阅源。	1
We have a duty not just to be beautiful internally but to manifest that in everything that we do externally.	我们不仅有责任在内部保持美丽，而且有责任在我们外部所做的一切事情中表现出这一点。	1
We have also received some significant donations from sympathetic friends and other church sources.	我们还收到了同情的朋友和其他教会人士的一些重要捐款。	1
We have a model ready with an A320.	我们有一个型号已准备好了 A320 。	2
We have an abiding duty to assume the mantle of responsible citizenship and to play our part in realizing the vision of united, free, prosperous and humane Guyana.	我们有一项持久的义务，承担负责任的公民权，并在实现团结，自由，繁荣和人道的圭亚那愿景方面发挥我们的作用。	0
We have a stringent Food Safety Program (HACCP) in place which is independently audited on a regular basis.	我们制定了严格的食品安全计划（ HACCP ），并定期进行独立审计。	0
We have at our disposal a significant number of ancient sources which describe with great accuracy the siege preparations and the siege systems themselves.	我们掌握着大量的古代消息来源，这些消息非常准确地描述了围攻准备和围攻制度本身。	2
We have a very complex system and it s unnecessarily complex.	我们有一个非常复杂的系统，它不必要地复杂。	1
We have a washer and dryer in the guest house.	我们的客房配有洗衣机和烘干机。	0
We have been out here for more than a year and a half without serious illness or injury.	我们已经在这里呆了一年半，没有严重的疾病或伤害。	1
We have been really pleased with the results that are coming through from our Stud Males and will be watching them closely as they...	我们对我们的螺柱男性所取得的成果感到非常满意，并将密切关注他们 ...	2
We have committed to a 'zero tolerance' approach in words only, but we must yet put this into action in the New Year for it to act as a deterrent.	我们承诺只在言辞上采取 " 零容忍 " 的做法，但我们必须在新年将其付诸行动，以使其发挥威慑作用。	0
We have created several professional Newark websites; our clients love the work we do for them.	我们创建了几个专业的纽瓦克网站；我们的客户喜欢我们为他们所做的工作。	0
We have experienced rapid growth in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue to experience rapid growth in the future.	我们在相对较短的时间内经历了快速增长，并预计未来将继续经历快速增长。	0
We have found over the years that the closer we get to Christmas and the New Year, the more unreliable the USPS becomes.	多年来，我们发现，圣诞节和新年越近，美国公共服务就越不可靠。	0
We have four direct accounts of what happened in the last week of Jesus of Nazareth.	我们有四个关于纳粹耶稣最后一周所发生的事情的直接叙述。	1
We have g one to the park to train every weekend s since then.	从那以后，我们每周末都会去公园训练。	0
We have held joint events and are collaborating very effectively but in a complementary way.	我们举行了联合活动，并以互补的方式进行了非常有效的合作。	0
We have included here information like what cinnamons are, how to identify black and white pepper, different types of rice and many more information that you will find to be extremely useful in your cooking.	我们在这里提供了一些信息，比如什么是牛顿，如何识别黑胡椒和白胡椒，不同类型的大米，还有许多其他信息，您会发现这些信息对您的烹饪非常有用。	1
We have ingested everything to get rid of it.	我们已经为消除这一问题而摄入了一切。	2
We have just launched the 40 days of purpose campaign in our church with 54 new cells called PDL small groups doing six weeks of small group life.	我们刚刚在我们的教堂里发起了为期 40 天的目标运动，有 54 个新的细胞，称为 PDL 小团体，从事 6 周的小团体生活。	2
We have mass available stock of Warhammer Gold on most of the servers, so that we can do a really instant way of Warhammer Gold delivery.	我们在大多数服务器上都有大量的 Warhammer Gold 库存，因此我们可以立即交付 Warhammer Gold 。	1
We have never blamed them for being the perpetrators of the violence in the early '90s, and we continue to portray them as the designated victim today in spite of evidence to the contrary.	我们从未指责他们是 90 年代初暴力的肇事者，尽管有相反的证据，我们今天仍然把他们描绘成指定的受害者。	2
We have no player reviews for Guess The Scene yet.	我们还没有玩家的评论来猜测场景。	1
We have not been told anything to show why we should have six cleaners instead of one; whether additional establishments have been opened.	我们没有得到任何信息来表明为什么我们应该有六个清洁工而不是一个清洁工；是否已经开设了更多的设施。	1
We havent played that since that Witchita show.	自从那场维奇塔秀以来，我们就没有玩过这个游戏。	1
We have relationships with our vendors so that when we need to order a part, it is delivered as soon as possible with minimal downtime.	我们与供应商建立了合作关系，因此当我们需要订购部件时，可以尽快交付，并将停机时间降至最低。	0
We have repeatedly stated publicly that Japan should express its regrets and apologize for the misconduct of Japan s military forces, said Tsuboi.	筑波表示：“我们一再公开表示，日本应该对日本军队的不当行为表示遗憾和道歉。	0
We have seen photographs of scaffolds consisting of a few loose boards on a rickety construction.	我们看到了一些脚手架的照片，这些脚手架是在一个摇摇欲坠的建筑上的几块松动的木板。	1
We have selected 21 of the top draft websites with links to each.	我们选择了 21 个最热门的网站，其中每个网站都有链接。	1
We have several pictures of the beautiful Vanessa from over the years.	我们有几张多年来美丽的 Vanessa 的照片。	1
We have so far read Sherlock Holmes and now we are reading the Father Brown Stories.	到目前为止，我们已经阅读了夏洛克 · 霍姆斯，现在我们正在阅读布朗神父的故事。	1
We have storage spaces of the hard drives follow the same sort of system...	我们的硬盘存储空间采用相同类型的系统 ...	0
We have to act with regard to one another as brothers and sisters.	我们必须以兄弟姐妹的身份彼此采取行动。	1
We have to bathe in a pool of memory, and play little tricks with its surface, just to live another day.	我们必须在一个记忆库中洗澡，用它的表面做一些小把戏，只是为了活另一天。	2
We have to not just acknowledge that women hit men and that it is wrong, but figure out how to stop it.	我们不仅要承认女性袭击了男性，而且这是错误的，而且还要研究如何制止这种行为。	1
We have to stop you until we find that child.	我们必须阻止你，直到我们找到那个孩子。	0
We have to win games because Golden State is breathing down our necks.	我们必须赢得比赛，因为金国正在为我们的脖子喘气。	2
We have tried maximum speed up and simplify usage by our system.	我们已尝试最大限度地提高速度并简化系统的使用。	1
We have truly one of the best church families in American at Askewville Assembly of God.	在神的阿斯克维尔大会上，我们拥有美国最好的教堂家庭之一。	1
We have years of experience and proven capabilities in planning, negotiation, buying and results reporting to help your campaign thrive.	我们在规划，谈判，购买和结果报告方面拥有多年的经验和成熟的能力，可帮助您的活动蓬勃发展。	2
We help you secure a home loan at the best rate and our services are completely free.	我们帮助您以最优惠的价格获得住房贷款，我们的服务完全免费。	1
We hereby explicitly declare that, at the time the link was made, no illegal content on the linked pages was noticeable.	我们在此明确声明，在建立链接时，链接页面上的非法内容不会被发现。	2
We hit the playground every couple of days.	我们每隔几天就会去游乐场。	0
We hope future Geneva middle school students can have the same excellent facilities.	我们希望未来的日内瓦中学学生也能拥有同样出色的设施。	1
We hope that it will assist regulatory agencies, hospitals and individual departments to recognise and understand with clarity the risks inherent in radiotherapy.	我们希望它能帮助监管机构，医院和各个部门清楚地认识和理解放射治疗所固有的风险。	0
We hope the List is useful to you and welcome your feedback regarding the content and ease of use of the site.	我们希望该列表对您有用，并欢迎您就网站的内容和易用性提供反馈。	0
We hope this does not deter you from travelling with Thomson in the future.	我们希望这不会阻止您将来与 Thomson 一起旅行。	1
We hope this note finds you and your family well at this turning of the year.	我们希望本说明能在今年的这个转折中为您和您的家人带来良好的发现。	2
We hope to contact you again soon to order more as we are so very happy with what we received yesterday.	我们希望尽快再次与您联系，以订购更多商品，因为我们对昨天收到的商品非常满意。	0
We hope we do not run into any problems but who knows.	我们希望我们不会遇到任何问题，而是谁知道。	2
We hope you enjoy this trailer as a wonderful memory of that emotional day.	我们希望您能享受这一预告片，将其作为对这一激动人心的日子的美好记忆。	2
We host a variety of social events throughout the year.	我们全年举办各种社交活动。	0
We humbly accept them and really look forward to seeing you both again.	我们谦恭地接受这些建议，并期待着再次见到你们。	0
We hung around playing with his kids for a while until they left at which point we ate lunch and pulled out the Super Nintendo.	我们和他的孩子一起玩了一段时间，直到他们离开，我们在那里吃了午餐，拔出了超级任天堂。	2
Weigh the results carefully, and remember that on the internet, people are often engaged in subterfuge and will sometimes plant people in forums to promote their products.	仔细权衡结果，并记住，在互联网上，人们通常会参与地下活动，有时会在论坛中种植人们来推销他们的产品。	2
Weinberger: I worry that we will not have enough time to get strong enough to prevent nuclear war.	韦恩伯格：我担心我们没有足够的时间来获得足够的力量来防止核战争。	0
We invite everyone to complete it on line and send it to our offices as indicated.	我们诚邀每个人在线完成，并将其发送至我们的办公室，如图所示。	1
We joked with Clay Sweynor, before we left, that he had to At the Ruggles Mine in Grafton, NH work hard all day at WFD while we were riding.	在我们离开之前，我们和 Clay Sweynor 开玩笑说，他不得不去格拉夫顿的 Ruggles 矿场，在我们骑行的时候， NH 在 WFD 上整天都在努力工作。	1
We just had a report that the evidence of their deliverance has been seen the last two nights (after Sunday).	我们刚刚收到一份报告说，他们的拯救证据在最后两个晚上（星期日之后）被看到。	1
We just need a new business model that rewards preventive medicine.	我们只需要一个新的商业模式来奖励预防性医疗。	1
We keep our ceremonies basic so that we can serve all tribes, and therefore we ask clients to participate in the ceremonies as delivered.	我们将我们的仪式保持在基本状态，以便我们能够为所有部落服务，因此我们要求客户参加所举行的仪式。	1
We kept waiting for someone to light up a car or something.	我们一直在等待有人照亮汽车或其他东西。	0
We knew very little about Indian traditions and despite growing up in Calcutta hardly ever read Tagore or heard the name of Vivekananda, leave alone someone less routinely recognised like Aurobindo.	我们对印度传统知之甚少，尽管我们在加尔各答长大，但几乎从未读过塔戈雷语或听说过维维万卡南达的名字，只留下一个不太经常被承认的人，比如奥罗宾多。	2
We know that getting a good life insurance policy is a necessary item in our hectic lives.	我们知道，获得良好的人寿保险是我们繁忙生活中的一个必要项目。	1
We know that is the system that takes the vote away for President of the United States, whether you are a Democrat or a Republican.	我们知道，美国总统的选举制度是否决的，不管你是民主党人还是共和党。	1
We know that society has its genesis in the emergence of family units which contribute in various ways to development.	我们知道，社会的起源是家庭单位的出现，它们以各种方式促进发展。	0
We know that we have constantly had to adjust electoral funding laws in this country.	我们知道，我们必须不断调整该国的选举筹资法律。	0
We Know where your Customers and Partners are do you?	我们知道您的客户和合作伙伴在哪里？	1
We laughed and reminisced and were both shocked to see Maria walking out of the office.	我们笑了起来，回忆了起来，看到玛丽亚走出办公室，我们都感到震惊。	0
Welcome to Cook and eat, do you have access to a small kitchen where people can try to make beef wellington?	欢迎来到 Cook and Eat ，您是否可以使用一个小厨房，人们可以在那里尝试制作惠灵顿牛肉？	1
Welcome to Fijilive Sports - Suva eyes win in clash of the Cities WELCOME GUEST!	欢迎来到 Fijilive Sports - Suva Eyes 在城市冲突中获胜欢迎宾客！	2
Welcome to our Broker estate illinois real resources.	欢迎来到我们的经纪人房地产伊利诺伊州房地产公司。	1
Welcome to Torrance Hotels, the answers you are looking for when planning your trip to Torrance, California.	欢迎入住 Torrance Hotels ，这是您在计划加州 Torrance 之旅时寻找的答案。	1
We learn languages and culture of neighbours and try to understand each other.	我们学习邻居的语言和文化，并努力相互理解。	0
We like giving all customers the experience of bra shopping not needing to be a chore, but it can actually be a fun shopping experience, made easy with the simple help of the friendly staff.	我们喜欢让所有顾客体验内衣购物，而不需要成为一个杂务，但这实际上是一个有趣的购物体验，在友好的工作人员的简单帮助下很容易做到。	1
We like the information our user profiles contain but the information widgets need to be shuffled around a bit.	我们喜欢用户配置文件中包含的信息，但信息小部件需要稍微换一下。	2
We literally just fell asleep while sitting there.	我们坐在那里就睡着了。	0
We live in the Columbia River Gorge in WA. and look forward to visiting your wonderful winery soon and hopefully getting to meet you.	我们生活在华盛顿州的哥伦比亚河峡谷。期待您的葡萄酒厂即将到来，希望您能与您见面。	2
Well anything rap is awefully anoying and that R and B stuff.	所有的说唱都是令人敬畏的，还有 R 和 B 的东西。	2
Well done for creating and maintaining such a wonderful service.	做得好，创造和维护了这么好的服务。	0
Well done to everyone who contributed to the work.	为工作做出贡献的每个人都做得很好。	0
Well eternal optimist that I am I believe we can manage our local ecosystems in a positive manner.	我相信我们可以积极地管理我们的本地生态系统，这是永恒的乐观主义者。	1
Well he had deserved it of course but there was more to it than that, it had felt a little like she expected her revenge on Kain to feel in miniture.	当然，他是当之无愧的，但还有更多的东西，感觉有点像她期待她对凯恩的报复让她感到有一种被长成的感觉。	1
Well, I am glad I did, because it rallied and on the whole ended up being quite an enjoyable book to read.	我很高兴我这样做了，因为它是联合起来的，总的来说，它是一本相当令人愉快的书。	2
Well, I like it and always find AU refreshing and I wanted you to know this story has a fan.	嗯，我喜欢它，总是觉得澳大利亚很清爽，我想让你知道这个故事有一个粉丝。	1
Well I still cant figure out who the killer is.	我还不知道谁是杀手。	0
Well, I think you get the idea by now and I could go on and on and on, BUT I want to share something with you that is about helping each other.	嗯，我想你现在就能得到这个想法，我可以继续下去，但我想和你分享一些关于相互帮助的东西。	2
Well laid out with lots of good features.	布局很好，有很多很好的功能。	0
Well no matter, I'm sure that slumping in this old couch as I skip channels and bore myself to death will get my belly screaming soon enough.	不管怎么说，当我跳过频道，自己死后，我相信在这张旧沙发上的低声会让我的肚子很快就尖叫起来。	2
Well, since you did selflessly save an angel in distress -- and seriously dude I did not see that coming ....	好的，因为你无私地拯救了一位陷入困境的天使，而我严肃地说，我没有看到这种情况的到来	2
Well then show up to this evening of true confessions and remember what happens in Larrys New Year cure stays in Larrys new year cure!	那么，到了今天晚上，我们才看到了真实的供词，并记住了在拉里的新年治愈中，拉里的新年治愈中发生了什么！	2
Well to get more keys on the nostromos what I did was program the scroll wheel up to be red, down is blue and center is green.	在声像上得到更多的按键，我做的是将滚轮设置为红色，向下为蓝色，中间为绿色。	2
Well we now have Edward Masen and the mystery continues.	现在我们有爱德华 · 马森，这一谜还在继续。	2
We look forward for a possible business relation ship with you in the near future.	我们期待在不久的将来与您建立业务关系。	0
We look forward to the establishement of this Centre and we hope it will be very useful to us in the area of rural development.	我们期待着建立这一中心，并希望它将对我们农村发展领域非常有用。	0
We look forward to the release of the full edited version from the Leo Strauss Center in the near future.	我们期待着在不久的将来发布由 Leo Strauss Center 编辑的完整版本。	0
We look forward to what we expect will be a lovely futuristic building with all the modern advancements which will bring years of enjoyment not only to AHS, but to the community.	我们期待着我们所期待的将是一座可爱的未来建筑，拥有所有现代的进步，不仅给 AHS ，而且给社区带来多年的享受。	1
We Love Isaan Newsletter Sign up to receive our email newsletter we send out about once a month.	我们喜欢伊桑新闻简报注册接收我们的电子邮件新闻简报，我们每月大约发送一次。	1
We make a silent prayer that John Prescott never gets his hands on this part of the world for any housing projects.	我们默默地祈祷约翰 · 普雷斯科特在任何住房项目中永远不会把手伸向世界的这个地区。	0
We manufacture all kinds of miniature engineering machines which have the beautiful appearance, the high quality and bring the comfort and convenience to you during operation.	我们生产各种微型工程机械，外观美观，质量上乘，操作时为您带来舒适和便利。	1
We may be able to try someone for a lesser sentence.	我们可能可以尝试用较轻的句子来尝试别人。	2
We may charge an advance payment on first order.	我们可能会在首次订购时收取预付款。	0
We may object that these are the sentiments of a great mystic who, as all mystics, spoke in symbolic terms and are not to be taken literally.	我们可能会反对这样的情绪，那就是一个伟大的神秘主义者的情感，他和所有的神秘主义者一样，以象征性的语言说话，而不是以字面上的方式被理解。	2
We may require that you take some time to sit and talk with us in a comfortable setting.	我们可能要求您花一些时间在舒适的环境中坐下来与我们交谈。	1
We may share information provided to us with other bodies responsible for auditing or administering public funds, in order to prevent and detect fraud.	我们可能会与负责审计或管理公共基金的其他机构共享提供给我们的信息，以防止和发现欺诈行为。	1
We meet in the Game Room near the Main Entrance on Thursdays and room 120 on Friday.	我们周四在主入口附近的游戏室开会，周五在 120 房间开会。	0
We met in church and then thirty four years later we came into the Catholic Church together.	我们在教堂见面，然后在 34 年后我们一起进入天主教堂。	2
We must accept the given fact of sex errors of the body and continue from there.	我们必须接受这个机构的性错误这一事实，并从那里继续下去。	2
We must do whatever possible to prevent unscrupulous individuals from taking advantage of older Californians.	我们必须尽一切可能防止肆无忌惮的人利用老加利福尼亚人。	1
We must have input on all of these issues.	我们必须就所有这些问题提供投入。	1
We must have one good piece of evidence before believing Pausanias here.	我们必须有一个好的证据才能相信这里的 Pausanias 。	1
We must live in a fantasy world if we think these prisoners we have are there for no reason.	如果我们认为我们有的囚犯没有理由在那里，我们就必须生活在一个幻想世界中。	2
We must never base the decision to form a business partnership or to choose a supplier on individual personal interest.	我们绝不能以个人利益为基础决定建立业务合作关系或选择供应商。	0
We must not hit the trenches on this question.	我们决不能在这个问题上打得开沟。	1
We must not only know what to pray for and who to pray for, but we must also know how to pray.	我们不仅要知道要为谁祈祷，还要知道如何祈祷。	0
We needed the extra time to work some things out.	我们需要额外的时间来解决一些问题。	0
We need not have a complete absence of stimulation in order to demonstrate this.	我们不需要完全没有刺激就能证明这一点。	2
We need to be fair to all members on a consistent basis.	我们需要在一贯的基础上对所有成员公平。	0
We need to get a handle on this disgusting habit and make more difficult if not impossible for children not to start or to quit smoking.	我们需要处理这种令人厌恶的习惯，使儿童更难甚至不可能不开始吸烟或戒烟。	2
We need to get past the physical because beauty fades.	我们需要通过身体，因为美会消失。	2
We need to help the other learn if he is willing.	如果他愿意，我们需要帮助他人学习。	1
We need to place greater emphasis on what is being done successfully at the local level.	我们需要更加强调地方一级正在成功地开展的工作。	0
We need to remember that we teach children and they should be first on our priority list, not the accountability scheme.	我们需要记住，我们教育儿童，他们应该是我们优先考虑的问题，而不是问责制。	2
We need to seriously consider how we will deal with all the practical problems that will be posed in the interim.	我们需要认真考虑我们将如何处理在此期间将提出的所有实际问题。	0
We need to take responsibility, starting with ourselves and extending all the way to the entire globe and the space around it.	我们需要承担起责任，从我们自己开始，一直延伸到整个地球及其周围的空间。	1
We need to understand the need for global work on standards.	我们需要了解全球标准工作的必要性。	2
We never had to worry about someone coming to school with a gun, never even thought about it.	我们从来不担心有人带着枪上学，甚至也不想。	2
We never said we wanted Dibbz to be Ice, nor did we ever ask them to close down there business.	我们从未说过我们希望 Dibbz 成为冰，也从未要求他们关闭那里的业务。	2
We never stay in one school long enough for anyone to care anyways.	我们永远不会在一所学校呆得太久，任何人都不会在意。	1
We never wanted our cat to feel pain or to suffer.	我们永远不希望我们的猫感到痛苦或痛苦。	2
We no longer require users to register to obtain the key for unrestricted use...	我们不再要求用户注册以获取密钥以供无限制使用 ...	0
We now invite you to our online KATE showroom.	我们现在邀请您参加我们的在线 Kate 展厅。	1
Wen shook his head, like he was pushing thoughts out of his head.	温文摇了一摇，就像把思想从脑袋里推出来一样。	2
We offer advantageous conditions as well for property insurance, travel insurance and other policies in a different cost and coverage range.	我们还为财产保险，旅行保险和其他不同费用和保险范围的保险提供有利条件。	1
We offered practical proposals to create a more mutually beneficial relationship.	我们提出了建立更互利关系的切实建议。	1
We offer specialised experience in all types of crane transportation and have a substantial fleet of equipment available to cover any type of load.	我们拥有各种起重机运输方面的专业经验，并拥有大量设备，可用于任何类型的负载。	0
We offer two high pressure cylinder types suitable for solar and wetback applications, one is a dedicated high pressure duplex stainless cylinder and the other is a copper thermal store (heat exchanger) cylinder.	我们提供两种高压气缸类型，适用于太阳能和雨后应用，一种是专用高压双工不锈钢气缸，另一种是铜热存储（热交换器）气缸。	0
We only charge you what we are charged by the shipping company.	我们只向您收取货运公司收取的费用。	0
We phoned the owner to which we were told that we would then have to wait for 15 minutes in the street until he arrived.	我们打电话给老板，他们告诉我们在街上等了 15 分钟，直到他到达。	2
We plan to bring you a full report on the discussions and outcomes of the AGM in the weekly news on 14th November.	我们计划在 11 月 14 日的每周新闻中向您提供关于股东大会讨论情况和结果的完整报告。	0
We played the archived TV commercials at our sessions.	我们在会议上播放了存档的电视广告。	0
We play on Monday nights and games are $10.	我们在周一晚上玩游戏，游戏价格为 10 美元。	1
We pointed out these problems in a letter in the BMJ [22].	我们在联邦法院 [22] 的一封信中指出了这些问题。	0
We proceeded to the church of San Jerónimo Tlacochahuaya, considered to be one of the loveliest in Mexico with its exuberant interior floral decoration and exquisite baroque altarpieces, all recently restored.	我们前往 San Jerónimo í a Tlacochahuaya 教堂，这座教堂被认为是墨西哥最可爱的教堂之一，内部装饰华丽，装饰精美的巴洛克式祭坛，所有这些都是最近修复的。	1
We provide an extensive Italian menu using only the best, fresh ingredients locally sourced as well as direct from Italy.	我们提供丰富的意大利菜单，仅使用当地以及直接从意大利采购的最佳新鲜食材。	0
We provide a straightforward mortgage advice to clients who value access to experienced and approachable staff to ensure that clients have the right mortgage for their circumstances.	我们为重视获得经验丰富且平易近人的员工的客户提供直接的按揭建议，以确保客户获得适合其情况的适当按揭贷款。	1
We provide Business English lessons twice a week in the afternoons for a total of 6 hours per week.	我们每周在下午提供两次商务英语课程，每周总共 6 小时。	0
We provide more products according to your request.	我们根据您的要求提供更多产品。	0
We really enjoyed the 3 course breakfast that we had every morning and we actually looked forward to having breakfasst every morning.	我们真的很喜欢我们每天早上吃的三道菜的早餐，我们实际上期待着每天早上都有早餐。	0
We recently observed a new feature while making a search on Google.	我们最近在 Google 上搜索时发现了一个新功能。	0
We recognise, however, that a rapid turnover of teaching staff, such as that experienced in many schools in recent years, could give rise to legitimate demands for more frequent elections.	然而，我们认识到，教学人员的迅速更替，如近年来许多学校的情况，可能会引起更频繁选举的合理要求。	1
We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in tax expense.	我们承认与未确认的税收福利相关的利息和罚金。	0
We recommend changing this filter after three bag replacements.	我们建议在更换三个袋子后更换此过滤器。	1
We recommend that Neuralactin Plus be taken both in the morning with breakfast and at night before going to bed.	我们建议您在早餐和睡觉前在晚上都享用 Neuralactin Plus 。	0
Were it to be otherwise, man could not, in fact, pursue the goals he has in mind as a being possessing free will.	如果不是这样，人实际上不能追求他所想到的拥有自由意志的目标。	2
We rented a chipper once and chipped up a bunch.	我们租了一辆开膛手，然后开了一束。	2
We report to you our opinion as to whether the Statement of Accounts presents fairly the financial position and results of operations of the Authority.	我们向你报告我们的意见，即账目表是否公允地反映了管理局的财务状况和业务结果。	0
We reserve the right to change our prices at any time by publishing revised prices on the Site.	我们保留随时通过在网站上发布修订价格来更改我们的价格的权利。	0
We reserve the right to limit the number of times a client may participate in a promotion.	我们保留限制客户参与促销次数的权利。	0
We respected what was being given to us and showed it by just simply and humbly listening.	我们尊重给予我们的东西，并通过简单而谦逊的倾听来展示它。	2
We respect your privacy and will never spam you or share your personal information.	我们尊重您的隐私，绝不会向您发送垃圾邮件或共享您的个人信息。	0
We saw Joseph and Mary traveling to Bethlehem and stopping at the inn searching for a place to stay.	我们看到约瑟夫和玛丽来到伯利恒，在旅馆里停下来寻找住宿的地方。	1
We say to ourselves that we will join the fight against the climate change our planet is currently going through once the resources are cheap and available to us.	我们对自己说，一旦我们的资源便宜且可用，我们将加入我们星球目前正在经历的气候变化的斗争。	1
We scrimmaged earlier and it was sloppy at times but that is to be expected.	我们早些时候写了文，有时是草率的，但这是可以预料的。	2
We search for prospects of development of business and are ready to open new commodity markets.	我们寻求商业发展的前景，并准备开放新的商品市场。	0
We see a cat in the tree and a little girl calling its name.	我们在树上看到一只猫和一个叫它名字的小女孩。	2
We see inside Stark Tower as a Skrull attacks the people inside.	我们看到塔内的斯克鲁尔袭击了里面的人。	0
We see this as a whole new style and way of approaching wedding assignments.	我们认为这是处理婚礼任务的全新风格和方式。	0
We set aside a portion of the limited cd pressing for use as premium gifts for people who donate to KDVS during our show.	我们预留了有限 CD 的一部分，作为在我们的表演中捐赠给 KDVS 的人的高级礼物。	1
We set out from home and loaded up on I-45 south from Houston heading the Kemah.	我们从家里出发，从休斯顿出发，在 I-45 南边沿 Kemah 公路行驶。	0
We settled on a date the next summer and started dreaming about our new life.	我们在下个夏天的某个日子里安顿下来，开始对我们的新生活进行梦想。	1
We shall ask you to vote for our candidates in the next election.	我们将要求你在下一次选举中投票支持我们的候选人。	0
We should be much more respectful to the nature before it too late.	我们应该在太晚之前更加尊重大自然。	1
We should have alot of people here in the next weeks or so.	我们应该在未来几周左右有很多人来这里。	1
We should match whatever Tata put in and have confidence that it will be paid back to us.	我们应该匹配塔塔所输入的任何内容，并有信心它会回报给我们。	2
We should refuse to stand in the way of stem cell research while also refusing to allow government to use our money to promote or hinder it.	我们应该拒绝阻碍干细胞研究，同时也拒绝让政府用我们的资金来促进或阻止它。	1
We show that a better lower bound process gives a greater improvement of the upper bound.	我们表明，一个更好的低约束进程使上约束得到了更大的改进。	2
We sit in his office, him in a swively chair behind his huge psuedoimpressive desk and me in a straightback wooden chair behind it.	我们坐在他的办公室里，他坐在他那巨大的令人印象深刻的桌子后面的一张滑椅上，我坐在后面的一张直背木椅上。	1
Wesley nodded his head and went off to work.	韦斯利点头，就去上班了。	1
We spend hours watching him play and laugh a lot also.	我们花了几个小时看着他玩耍，还笑了很多。	1
We spent time with them sharing our best memories...	我们花时间和他们分享了我们最美好的回忆 ...	0
We started strongly and kept the ball well, plenty of good passing and possesion but no end product as we only went in at half time one goal to the good, scored by Joe Metcalf.	我们从一开始就很强，保持了良好的控球能力，但没有最终成绩，因为我们只在半个小时内进入了由 Joe Metcalf 攻入的一个球。	1
We started the moment we saw your first rocket, and got up just as they rushed past, and we joined in behind and fired, and yelled till we were hoarse.	当我们看到你的第一枚火箭时，我们就开始了，当它们冲过时，我们就起来，我们在后面加入并发射，并大声喊叫，直到我们感到很粗。	2
We stayed a week and did a couple of day trips to each.	我们在这里住了一周，每个人都做了几天的旅行。	1
We stepped out of the restaurant after planning our karaoke night on Friday.	我们计划周五的卡拉 OK 之夜后走出餐厅。	2
Western boots are one of the most iconic types of footwear and it is leading the pack.	西部鞋靴是最具标志性的鞋款之一，也是领先的鞋款。	1
Westerners traveling in Asian countries can be rewarding and challenging at the same time as you do not know the local language (that will complicate matters and your journey in that particular country).	在亚洲国家旅行的西方人在不了解当地语言的同时也可以获得回报和挑战（这将使事情和您在该特定国家的旅程变得复杂）。	1
Western Union officials in a discussion with the Minister and relevant officials of the Ministry including the Postmaster General have agreed on the following 1.	西联官员在与该部部长和相关官员（包括邮政局长）的讨论中商定了以下 1 项。	1
Westlaw is also available to practitioners in the Library.	图书馆的从业人员也可以使用 Westlaw 。	0
We strive in Virginia to maintain our position as a national leader in educational quality and innovation by raising our focus from competence to excellence.	我们在弗吉尼亚努力保持我们作为教育质量和创新国家领导者的地位，将我们的重点从能力提升到卓越。	1
We strongly encourage investors to file their complaint via the online FINRA Investor Complaint Center.	我们强烈鼓励投资者通过在线 FINRA 投资者投诉中心提交投诉。	0
We strongly recommend that the elimination of violence against women and girls be reflected as a priority area in the post-2015 development framework.	我们强烈建议将消除暴力侵害妇女和女孩行为作为 2015 年后发展框架的优先领域。	1
We suggest this process differs from that operating on a typical promoter element only in its slow pace, reflecting the fundamental and conservative role of the machinery that controls the transcription of crucial effectors of the BMP pathway.	我们认为，这一进程与典型的促进因素不同，只是速度缓慢，反映了控制 BMP 路径关键影响者转录的机制的基本和保守作用。	1
We supply all types of stainless steel working tables for our machinery.	我们为机器提供各种不锈钢工作台。	1
We support excellence in all forms of assessment related to general qualifications and National tests, offer professional development opportunities and career support, disseminate good practice and provide enhanced professional recognition.	我们支持在与一般资格和国家考试有关的所有形式的评估中取得卓越成绩，提供专业发展机会和职业支持，传播良好做法，并提高专业认可度。	1
We switch on the television and after some searching we find a live transmission of the Tour de France.	我们打开电视，在搜索之后，我们找到了法国之旅的现场直播。	1
We take advantage of any training relevant and available to us and most do contain some cultural component.	我们利用任何相关和可用的培训，大多数培训都包含一些文化元素。	1
We take personal pride in providing the best of care for you and your family.	我们为您和您的家人提供最好的照顾而感到自豪。	0
We talked about it after the match and everyone was so shocked, they couldn t believe what was going on.	我们在比赛后讨论过这一问题，每个人都感到震惊，他们不相信到底发生了什么。	1
We talked to Elizabeth Liu, a registered Mutual Fund Representative with Desjardins Financial Security Investments Inc., to find out what women can do to get their finances on the right track.	我们与 Desjardins Financial Security Investments Inc. 的注册共同基金代表 Elizabeth Liu 进行了交谈，以了解妇女可以做些什么来使她们的财务走上正确的轨道。	0
We tend to think that they are playing on the computer, when they are playing with or against it.	我们往往认为他们在计算机上玩游戏，在玩或反对计算机时。	2
We thank all of the faculty and staff members who took the time to attend our meetings and events.	我们感谢所有花时间参加会议和活动的教职员工。	0
We thank all the wonderful nurse staff at G10 for their loving and supportive care for our dear Marylou.	我们感谢 G10 的所有优秀护士工作人员对我们亲爱的 Marylou 的关爱和支持。	1
We thank you for the privilege of hosting this project and this international gathering.	我们感谢您荣幸地主办这一项目和本次国际会议。	1
We the developed nations need only look into mirrors where both the identity of and the solution to the problem will be found.	我们发达国家只需要研究将找到问题的特性和解决办法的镜子。	2
We then fell back gently onto the bed and I awkwardly felt his erection brushing against my stomach.	然后我们轻轻地回到床上，我感到他的立起刷了我的胃。	2
We think that traffic is the only thing we need to build a successful business.	我们认为，流量是我们建立成功业务所需的唯一因素。	1
We thought her power was her ability to give you her thoughts.	我们认为她的力量是她给你的想法的能力。	1
We thought they were tuna at first, and then we saw a fish up close and realized what they were.	我们起初以为它们是金枪鱼，然后我们近距离看到一条鱼，并意识到它们是什么。	1
We too are much loved and cared about. v4 The sickness of Lazarus Was not to be fatal as Jesus was supposed to raise him from the dead.	我们也很爱和关心。 v4 拉撒路的病不是致命的，因为耶稣应该把他从死中复活。	2
We tried taking them out but we were stuck in an alley way our commanding officer thought would be a shortcut.	我们试图把它们取出来，但我们被困在一条小巷里，我们的指挥官认为这是一条捷径。	1
We tried to talk them into letting us kids throw them a party, but they just wanted a low key, family celebration.	我们试图让孩子们给他们开派对，但他们只是想要一个低调的家庭庆典。	1
We try to do the best we can to accommodate a variety of interests and sometimes things do not work as ideally as we would like.	我们尽力满足各种利益，有时情况不如我们所希望的理想。	1
We understand that there are a variety of skill levels when it comes to ceramic tile installation.	我们知道在陶瓷瓷砖安装方面有多种技能水平。	1
We update our website daily, with new ads being posted regularly during normal business hours and periodically on weekends and holidays.	我们每天都会更新我们的网站，在正常工作时间定期发布新广告，并在周末和假日定期发布新广告。	1
We used to get locked in to a server vendor at time of application qualification.	我们过去在申请资格认证时被锁定在服务器供应商处。	1
We use our dozens of designers, coders, and programmers to see to it that your website is done right.	我们使用数十个设计师，编码员和程序员来确保您的网站正确完成。	1
We very open and expect the same out of our friends.	我们非常开放，对我们的朋友也是如此。	2
We vie to create the coolest names and the names that sound strongest really do become strong.	我们努力创造最酷的名字，而那些听起来最强的名字确实变得很强。	1
We walked by the Pantheon on the way home from the Musee Curie.	我们从古里博物馆回家的路上经过万神殿。	0
We walked over to them, and stared at the girls who were trying their best to get their hands on the guys.	我们走到他们那里，盯着那些努力把手握在这些人身上的女孩。	1
We walk in behind Jaken and Rin and when no one was looking, I swat him in the arm with my hand.	我们走在杰克和兰后面，当没有人在看时，我用我的手在他的手臂上摆动。	2
We wanted to know how children were doing.	我们想知道孩子们是怎么做的。	0
We want The Batavian to be a trusted source of news and conversation.	我们希望巴塔维亚人成为值得信赖的新闻和对话来源。	1
We want there to be a real community.	我们希望那里成为一个真正的社区。	1
We want to find the stories in the data and look at how to convey those best to neighborhood residents and others.	我们希望在数据中找到这些故事，并了解如何将这些故事最好地传达给邻居居民和其他人。	1
We want you to be comfortable speaking English idioms fluently, with idiomatic phrases and expressions such as in debt.	我们希望您能对流利地说英语的习惯感到自在，用诸如债务之类的语义短语和表达。	1
We went there for an Austism spectrum test at the reccomendation of our school for our 5 year old, but ended up with aassessment of gifted ness.	我们在学校推荐的 5 岁孩子的时候去那里参加了一个奥斯威主义光谱测试，但最后却得到了对天才的评价。	2
We went to have some lunch after doing a bit of online research as to the menu choices on offer.	我们在网上对菜单选择进行了一些调查之后，去吃了一顿午餐。	1
We were both running late and got into a fight about the dishwasher.	我们都迟到了，就在洗碗机上打架了。	2
We were fortunate to have had an excellent array of candidates for the position.	我们很幸运地获得了一组优秀的候选人担任这一职位。	2
We were giving a press conference and the writers were going on about these terrible things that supposedly happened while we were filming.	我们正在举行记者招待会，作家正在讨论这些可怕的事情，这些事情据说是在我们拍摄的时候发生的。	0
We were lucky to join Phil Whyman &amp; Dead Haunted Nights team on our first investigation and had the baptism of fire learning on the job as you may say.	我们很幸运地加入了 Phil Whyman &amp; Dead Haunted Nights 团队进行了第一次调查，并像您所说的那样在工作中进行了火焰洗礼。	1
We were posting daily and the content was solid.	我们每天都在发布，内容是可靠的。	1
We were relatively well positioned going into the recession in 2008.	我们在 2008 年进入衰退时处于相对有利的地位。	1
We were totally happy with every aspect of our stay here.	我们在这里住的每一个方面都很满意	1
We were very grateful for these kind friends and the meeting continued in a fine spirit, at least so far as we were concerned.	我们非常感谢这些友好的朋友，会议继续以良好的精神举行，至少就我们而言。	1
We were watching the Daily Show interview with Mike Huckabee that occurred a week and a half ago (I fell behind on my viewing when I was out of town).	我们正在观看一周半前与 Mike Huckabee 的《每日秀》采访（我在城外时看不到）。	1
We who have been flying these machines in the middle east have for some time been concerned by statements presumed to have come from Agusta saying ....	我们一直在中东飞行这些机器的人，一段时间以来一直对假定来自阿古斯塔的说法感到关切，他们说……………………………………………………………………………	2
We will also consider the conventional discourses that Americans use to talk about political issues.	我们还将考虑美国人用来谈论政治问题的传统论述。	0
We will be back at the beautiful and trendy MK Valencia.	我们还会再来美丽时尚的 MK Valencia 酒店的。	1
We will be booking further courses with you in the future, but would like some one on one if possible.	我们将在将来与您预订更多课程，但如果可能，我们希望能有一对一的课程。	1
We will be located on The Mezzanine level in the Hotel.	我们将位于酒店的夹层。	1
We will be requesting that the Government of Alberta change our name to Canadian Federation of Clinical Hypnosis - Alberta.	我们将要求艾伯塔省政府将我们的名字改为加拿大临床催眠联合会 - 艾伯塔省。	1
We will be returning to Atlanta soon and I will be returning for another great meal.	我们很快就会回到亚特兰大，我还会再来吃一顿大餐。	0
We will coordinate and deliver a large variety of activities for beginners and experienced individuals of all abilities to try.	我们将协调并为初学者和有各种能力的有经验的个人提供各种活动。	0
We will discuss this further on, dealing with the stages of subpersonalities harmonization.	我们将进一步讨论这一问题，讨论次级人物协调的各个阶段。	0
We will do this again after this successful night!	在这个成功的夜晚之后，我们会再次这样做！	2
We will evaluate the impacts of the decisions using the NEPA process and give appropriate notification to the public.	我们将利用 NEPA 流程评估决策的影响，并向公众发出适当的通知。	1
We will fight to be sure that you are fully compensated for your losses, and that you receive your compensation in the shortest possible time.	我们将努力确保您的损失得到充分赔偿，并确保您在最短的时间内获得赔偿。	0
We will keep you update on this matter time to time.	我们会不时向您提供有关此问题的最新信息。	0
We will keep you up to date with the results of the discussions.	我们将随时向您提供最新讨论结果。	0
We will maintain a record of your information at the offices of Trowbridge Insurance Agency. so we can provide you with policyholder service.	我们将在特罗布里奇保险公司的办事处保存您的信息记录，以便为您提供投保人服务。	0
We will not protect those who protect our border.	我们不会保护那些保护我们边界的人。	2
We will not stop mentioning of individuals name unless they are not far away from the destructor of Ethiopia.	我们不会停止提及个人的名字，除非他们离埃塞俄比亚的毁灭者不远。	2
We will pay the amount of such reduction to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary.	我们将向受托人支付这笔款项，以利慈善受益人。	1
We will recycle them for you and this will help us purchase office supplies.	我们将为您回收这些材料，这将有助于我们购买办公用品。	0
We will refer to this unit as the Huarmey Culture.	我们将把这个单位称为 Huarmey 文化。	2
We will rendevous in the Sunrise room understand?' Deriva just had a crazy thought and patched back into Sienna.	我们将在日出室里让人感到虔诚吗？”派生只是一个疯狂的想法，并重新修补到了锡耶纳。	2
We will return to school in time for transport home.	我们将按时返回学校，以便回家。	1
We will take an active part in all initiatives to that end.	我们将积极参与为此目的采取的所有行动	0
We will take the time to make sure your tanning experience is the best possible.	我们将花时间确保您的日光浴体验尽可能好。	1
We will try the stamp in a few colors on a swatch of the material to ensure a clean look.	我们将在材料的样本上尝试几种颜色的图章，以确保其外观干净。	1
We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that your Personal Data is maintained and up to date.	我们将尽合理努力确保您的个人数据得到维护并保持最新。	1
We wish to express our concern that our recommendations have been seriously misrepresented in your draft National Policy Statement on Nuclear Energy published on November 9th.	我们对贵国在 11 月 9 日发表的《国家核能政策声明》草案中严重歪曲了我们的建议表示关切。	2
We work on our own arts and crafts projects.	我们从事自己的艺术和手工艺项目。	0
We work with our Area Developers to create territories that make sense and that are beneficial to the growth of the Gamer Doc brand and system.	我们与我们的地区开发人员合作，创建对 Gamer Doc 品牌和系统的发展有意义且有益的领域。	0
We would also like to thank Population Research Systems Inc. for collecting M4 survey data using computerassisted telephone interviews.	我们还要感谢人口研究系统公司利用计算机辅助电话访谈收集 M4 调查数据。	0
We would also like to thank the federal Office for Women and the National Association of Services against Sexual Violence (NASASV) for funding this research and for giving ongoing support in the development of this project.	我们还要感谢联邦妇女办公室和全国反性暴力服务协会为这项研究提供了资金，并为这一项目的发展提供了持续的支持。	0
We would appreciate the opportunity to discuss any issues of concern with you.	我们希望有机会与您讨论任何令人关注的问题。	1
We would like to congratulate these children for their willingness to participate in such a challenging event.	我们要祝贺这些儿童愿意参加这一具有挑战性的活动。	0
We would like to do this through a bottle drive and donations.	我们希望通过开瓶和捐赠来实现这一目标。	2
We would like to thank our donor Maggie Hughes, who has worked tirelessly to raise funding for scholarships through the Faculty of Education in memory of her husband James Learmonth.	我们要感谢我们的捐助者 Maggie Hughes ，他为纪念她丈夫 James Learmonth 而通过教育学院筹集奖学金的资金作出了不懈的努力。	2
We would like to think more housing is done with better standards.	我们希望能以更好的标准建造更多的住房。	0
We would love to reserve you a room for non smokers.	我们希望为您预订一间无烟房。	0
We would rather Sarah Palin wait til she has had time to be a stronger opponent.	我们宁愿让莎拉 · 帕林等到她有时间成为更强的对手。	1
We would wait for the BBC news before believing it to be true if, say, Indira Gandhi had lost the general election, or indeed there was an assassination of Indira Gandhi.	如果英迪拉 · 甘地失去了大选，或者英迪拉 · 甘地确实遭到暗杀，我们将等待英国广播公司的消息，然后才相信消息是真实的。	0
What angle does the seat force, and thus the chain holding the chair, make with the vertical?	座椅的作用力以及座椅的链条与垂直方向成多大角度？	1
What an interesting development there with Rumplestilskin being patient with Belle, which I adored, instead of his normal behavior.	这是一个多么有趣的发展，在那里，鲁姆斯蒂普斯皮对我所爱的贝儿有耐心，而不是他的正常行为。	2
What are the advantages and limitations of large versus small boards?	大型主板与小型主板的优势和限制是什么？	0
What are the Elements of an introduction paragraph ?	导言段落的内容是什么？	0
What are the greatest internal challenges that your institution faces in carrying out your mission around black men and boys?	贵机构在执行有关黑人男子和男孩的任务时面临的最大内部挑战是什么？	0
What are the humble and faithful expected to produce?	那些谦逊和忠诚的人期望产生什么？	0
What are the objectives of these courses in the undergraduate curriculum?	这些课程在本科生课程中的目标是什么？	1
What are the pros and cons of biomass?	生物物质的利弊是什么？	0
What are the ramifications of relying so heavily upon one crop?	如此严重地依赖一种作物会产生什么后果？	0
What are the social and economic indicators of nurturing neighbourhoods?	培育社区的社会和经济指标是什么？	0
What are they going to do when they get into college?	当他们进入大学时，他们会做些什么？	1
What becomes relevant is not the size of a firm in relation to the national market, but its size in relation to the world market.	与此相关的不是公司相对于国内市场的规模，而是其相对于世界市场的规模。	0
What better way to achieve it than to work together?	实现这一目标的最佳方式是合作？	0
What better way to denationalize gold than to take every aliquot dollar and redeem it concretely and directly in the form of gold?	有什么比拿每一个等分钱并以黄金形式直接具体赎回黄金更好的方法去剥夺黄金？	2
What brings them to take that leap of faith?	是什么让他们实现了这种信仰的飞跃？	2
What can be done now that we know what is happening with the child?	既然我们知道儿童的情况，我们可以做些什么？	0
What can be questioned though is if the Corporate Social Responsibility models developed in the West are the best suited for CSR implementation in all parts of the world.	然而，可以质疑的是，西方开发的企业社会责任模式是否最适合在世界各地实施企业社会责任。	1
What can i do to make time go by faster when moyfriend is in jail?	当我的朋友在监狱里时，我可以做些什么来加快时间？	1
What can make the main difference you inquire?	您询问的主要区别是什么？	0
What can one do to establish a suit without giving the lead to the opposition if Trumps exist?	如果有王牌，在不让反对派带头的情况下，可以做些什么来确立诉讼？	2
What can people at home do to help ensure that these animals have a safe habitat?	在家人们可以做些什么来帮助确保这些动物有一个安全的栖息地？	1
What Can Sony Ericsson Mobile Provide You by: Mark Twinton The collaboration between Sony and Ericsson corporations began in October 2001 and represented the most important junction on the cell phone market.	索尼爱立信手机能为您提供什么： Mark Twinton 索尼公司和爱立信公司的合作始于 2001 年 10 月，是手机市场上最重要的交叉点。	1
What causes do people in North Highlands care about.	北高地的人们关心的是什么原因。	1
What constraints in the immediate environment must be considered?	必须考虑当前环境中的哪些限制因素？	0
What defines us as unschoolers is that we believe that the learner should be in charge of their learning.	将我们定义为失学者的是，我们认为学员应该负责他们的学习。	1
What determined the move to White Hart Lane?	是什么决定了搬到白哈特里？	1
What did you get for Ride Time BC?	你在 BC 的骑行时间得到了什么？	2
What distinguishes us , is a deep know ledge of the territory, professional character and the warmth of human contact essential typical of our country, that we consider essential requirements to correctly carry out our profession.	我们的与众不同之处在于，我们认为正确开展职业的基本要求，是对我们国家的领土，专业性质和人类交往的深刻了解。	1
What does Helmer tell Nora about their relationship and about his feelings for her?	Helmer 如何告诉 Nora 他们的关系以及他对她的感受？	2
What Does it mean when your period blood is brown and thick?	当您的血是棕色和厚的时，这意味着什么？	2
What does one buy a person so firmly entrenched in the culture of movies?	人们买了一个在电影文化中根深蒂固的人什么？	2
What does then become very important is maintaining confidence in price stability, since this is a vital ingredient for achieving sustained growth.	因此，保持对价格稳定的信心是非常重要的，因为这是实现持续增长的关键因素。	0
What do I need to do before electrical installation work can be carried out in my home?	我需要做些什么才能在家里进行电气安装工作？	0
What do you do when your wages have been garnished and you have never had a judgment served?	当你的工资被扣了，而且你从未得到判决时，你会怎么做？	1
What do you hope to get out of being part of Drunken Legacy?	您希望从醉酒遗产中获得什么？	1
What do you know of the bombings you mentioned vampire involvement?	你对你提到的吸血鬼参与的爆炸事件有何了解？	0
What do you like best about working at Commercial Works Inc...	您最喜欢在 Commercial Works Inc. 工作的地方 ...	2
What do you think about the current state of punk music?	您对朋克音乐的现状有何看法？	0
What do you think the British called it when American revolutionaries were fighting back?	当美国革命者反击时，你认为英国人叫什么？	2
What do you think to the revised version of my story?	您对我的故事的修订版有何看法？	0
What early spring vegetables do you like to grow?	您喜欢种植哪些早春蔬菜？	0
What else did the good naive people of Canada expect voting in a fundie.	好的天真的加拿大人民还期望以一个真菌投票。	2
What EM sent me was similar only it was flash based, so the code for the ad was blocked.	EM 发送给我的内容与之类似，只是基于闪存，因此广告的代码被阻止。	1
Whatever it was, however, it caused the hair to stand up on the back of his neck.	然而，不管它是什么，它都使头发在他的脖子上站起来。	2
Whatever the characteristic may be, it is chosen so that it can be used to identify related connections.	无论该特性是什么，它都被选中，以便用于标识相关的连接。	2
What evidence will you use to back up your argument?	您将使用什么证据来支持您的论点？	1
What exactly separates them for being better for gaming?	他们在游戏中表现得更好，到底有什么区别？	2
What fails to be presented here is whom approached whom to initiate the loan.	在这里未能说明的是谁向谁提出贷款。	0
What follows is a quick reference guide to the most common signals that will be useful in the event of an air search.	下面是一个快速参考指南，用于在空中搜索时使用的最常见信号。	1
What future does the past have in a world which is changing so fast a world saturated with the instantaneous culture of global communication?	在一个变化如此迅速的世界里 , 过去有什么前途 ? 一个充满了即时全球通讯文化的世界 ?	1
What had the almighty pharaoh screaming and running away?	全能的法老尖叫和跑走了什么？	2
What happened was they were playing with plastic paddles hitting a whiffle ball back and .	当时，他们用塑料桨杆击打了一个发球，然后。	2
What happens if a parent objects to the lies of creationism forced on their children?	如果父母反对强迫子女的宗教主义谎言，会发生什么情况？	2
What happens if suddenly Mandarin is the language of business.	如果突然普通话是商业语言，会发生什么情况。	1
What happens in practice is that the most needy and deprived families often have the most inexperienced staV working with them.	实际情况是，最贫困和最贫困的家庭往往有最缺乏经验的 Stav 与他们一起工作。	2
What happens in such hospitals when a patient genuinely needs a ventilator support, he is unable to avail the facility because of insufficient numbers, and his condition becomes serious and gradually he dies?	在这类医院里，当病人真正需要呼吸机支持时，由于人数不足而无法使用该设备，病情变得严重并逐渐死亡，会发生什么情况？	1
What happens when you drink when you are on MDMA?	当您在 MDMA 上喝酒时会发生什么情况？	0
What has a greater density a piece of lead or a box of feathers?	什么是密度更高的铅块或羽毛盒？	2
What he did not tell his audience is that the surplus was helped along by inflation, especially the high price of petroleum products.	他没有告诉听众的是，盈余是由通货膨胀造成的，特别是石油产品的高价格。	0
What he saw were pieces of gingerbread that had been cut into various shapes, some having window and door shaped openings cut out.	他所看到的是一些剪成各种形状的姜饼，有些是开窗和门形的开口。	1
What if Kira is killed off in the end and Foss goes back to stop all this from happening and saved Flay before the Providence could destroy her shuttle?	如果 Kira 在最后被杀，而 Foss 在普罗维登斯不能摧毁她的穿梭巴士之前，再次阻止所有这一切发生并拯救了 Flay ，该怎么办？	1
What if that also goes for people with the eyes of a shinigami?	如果这也适用于神明眼中的人呢？	1
What if the island gave you a chance to work out you issues?	如果岛上给了你解决问题的机会，会怎样？	0
What if the other party uses dirty tricks?	如果对方使用肮脏的伎俩怎么办？	0
What if Willie Crawford gave you new ideas for spreading the word about your project or David Garfinkel offered to help you find quality partners to promote it?	如果 Willie Crawford 为您提供了有关您的项目的新想法或 David Garfinkel 主动提出帮助您寻找优质合作伙伴来推动项目，会怎样？	0
What I have just described is what I claimed to be my perfect squeeze.	我刚才所说的是我所说的完美的压力。	1
What injury did Katharine sustain as a result of filming this scene?	拍摄这一场景后， Katharine 受了什么伤害？	1
What in life is left for them other than to be a mechanistic consumer.	除了作为机械性消费者之外，生活中的东西还留给了他们。	1
What I really appreciated were the concrete things you suggested to say.	我真正赞赏的是你建议说的具体内容。	0
What I really wonder about is the enormity of the fear factor that is driving my very conservative friends up the wall.	我真正想知道的是，我非常保守的朋友被这种可怕的恐惧因素所驱使。	2
What is a typical day in the life of an employee at Association of Community Human Service Agencies (achsa)?	社区人力服务机构协会（ achsa ）员工的生活中通常有哪一天？	1
What is a typical day in the life of an employee at Swisher International?	Swisher International 的员工的日常生活中通常有哪一天？	2
What IS clear is that many of his opponents are.	显然，他的许多对手都是。	1
What is Death and is it truly Death?	什么是死亡，它是真正的死亡？	0
What is expected to happen next is either a redrafting of the EU Constitution or another referendum held by France.	预期接下来将发生的是重新起草欧盟宪法或法国举行的另一次公民投票。	1
What is happening in Syria is nothing new, but, since there is no oil in that land like the one is in Lybia, the hipocrytes of the EU did not care.	叙利亚发生的事情并不新鲜，但是，由于该地没有像里比亚那样的石油，欧盟的河马们并不在乎。	2
What is happening in the pictures that have been used?	使用过的图片中发生了什么情况？	1
What is important is to identify variables which will still be meaningful in say two years time.	重要的是确定两年后仍然有意义的变量。	0
What is it about this place that feels so unsafe?	这个地方感觉如此不安全，这是什么？	2
What is it about your Personality Power that makes people want to be around you?	您的性格力量让人们想与您保持联系，这是什么？	2
What is legacy off of new boyz email address?	新 boyz 电子邮件地址的遗留内容是什么？	2
What is Manuka honey and what are the major differences between Manuka honey and floral honey?	什么是 Manuka 蜂蜜？ Manuka 蜂蜜和花卉蜂蜜的主要区别是什么？	2
What is measured will be managed, and this axiom holds across all organizations.	将对测量的内容进行管理，这一原则适用于所有组织。	0
What is more, the increasing importance of the human factor with regard to the productivity and efficiency of our customers is taken into account.	此外，还考虑到人的因素对我们客户的生产率和效率日益重要。	1
What is not recounted seems somehow to be contradictory to the first theophany, for then the Divine was beheld in light but now he is seen in darkness.	没有被重新叙述的东西似乎与第一个《 Theophany 》相矛盾，因为当时神在光照下，但现在他在黑暗中被看到。	1
What is not widely known, is that the ultralinear feedback point from the primary winding of the output transformers in the Series II design was actually changed to the 8 ohm tap.	不广为人知的是，在 II 系列设计中，输出变压器的初级绕组产生的超细耳反馈点实际上已改为 8 欧姆分接头。	1
What is she was forced to retype everything to make up for the terrible grade?	为了弥补这一糟糕的成绩，她被迫重新键入所有内容是什么？	2
What is the black stuff in my heating oil tank.	我的加热油罐中的黑色物质是什么？	0
What is the code for scrumpy on moshi monsters?	Moshi 怪兽上的 scrumpy 的代码是什么？	2
What is the difference between choking and panicking?	窒息和恐慌之间有什么区别？	0
What is the interview process like at Immediate Care PC?	在 Immediate Care PC 上，面试流程是什么？	0
What is the Mormon law and etiquette on callings?.	什么是摩门教的法律和关于召唤的礼仪？	1
What Is the Name of Paris Rugby Ground?	巴黎橄榄球场的名称是什么？	1
What is the name of the paper in which you have read that langauge?	你读过那条语言的那篇文章的名字是什么？	1
What is the national animal of Sri Lanka ?	斯里兰卡的国家动物是什么？	1
What is the office environment and culture like at Big River Pest Control?	Big River Pest Control 的办公环境和文化是什么？	0
What is the office environment and culture like at Sloane Realty?	斯隆兰房地产公司的办公环境和文化是什么？	1
What is the office environment and culture like at Volutone?	沃勒特的办公环境和文化是什么？	0
What is the primary issue to be determined?	要确定的主要问题是什么？	0
What is the private school tuition tax credit?	私立学校的学费减免是什么？	0
What Is The Song In The New Kia Sorento Commercial ?	新起亚索伦托商业公司的歌曲是什么？	1
What is the Spy Letter TITLE of the work you Spy Letter selected?	所选工作的拼写字母标题是什么？	2
What is the version of the Printer driver?	打印机驱动程序的版本是什么？	0
What is your goal for signing up with us?	您注册我们的目标是什么？	1
What is your name?' Back at camp, we cook the hotdogs before driving to the Yacht Club to ask about hiring their tidy Dart 16 catamaran.	你叫什么名字？”回到营地，我们在开车去游艇俱乐部之前，先煮热狗，询问如何租用他们整洁的 16 号双体船。	0
What is your position on funding for the East Kentucky Corporation?	您在为东肯塔基州公司融资方面的立场是什么？	1
What it does mean is that we need to really see if this works for us.	这意味着我们需要真正看看这是否对我们有效。	1
What I would really most like to see in this years Lambeth Conference is the sense that this is essentially a spiritual encounter.	我最想在今年的兰贝斯会议上看到的是这样的感觉：这基本上是一次精神上的接触。	1
What kind of example is that of the criminal justice system if a celeb can pay his way through the abuse of a partner, kidnap and distressing a mentally ill male?	如果名人能够通过虐待伴侣，绑架和痛苦患有精神病的男性而有所作为，刑事司法系统的例子是什么？	2
What kind of metal detector do i use for diamonds in a kimberlite field?	我在金伯利岩油田中使用哪种金属探测器？	0
What location did they use for this movie?	他们在这部电影中使用了什么位置？	2
What made you decide to come to UNM?	你决定来 UNM 的原因是什么？	0
What makes me so mad is that Darien was such a freaking jackass to cheat on her.	让我如此疯狂的是，达伦是一个如此疯狂的人来欺骗她。	1
What materials may be requested through Interlibrary Loan?	通过图书馆间贷款可以申请哪些材料？	1
What may be common to all communities is the wish to influence the process of development, continuing to improve the situation, with or without the assistance of outsiders.	对所有社区来说，共同的是希望影响发展进程，在外来者的协助下或在外来者的协助下继续改善局势。	2
What might be lost and what could be gained in the possibility of doing so?	在这样做的可能性中，可能会损失什么？可以获得什么？	0
What must occur during glycogen synthesis in order for glycogen to branch?	糖原合成过程中必须发生什么情况才能使糖原分支？	0
What Nhl Team Is Affiliated With The Florida Everblades ?	什么 NHL 团队隶属于佛罗里达 Everblades ？	2
What options are there for students that are open to vocational education but have to rely on online courses?	对于接受职业教育但必须依靠在线课程的学生，有哪些选择？	0
What other exchange gives you five members every month?	其他什么交流让您每月有五名成员？	1
What others like as a design or style, you might think has been dragged backwards through the proverbial hedge - having already been rejected by a pop art museum!	其他人喜欢的设计或风格，您可能会认为已经被人所说的对冲拖了下来 - 已经被流行艺术博物馆拒绝了！	2
What other technical information reports and engineering plans exist?	还有哪些其他技术信息报告和工程计划？	1
What percentage of patients who come to the health care system with those conditions get that care at the right time and the right place?	有这些情况的病人中，有多少比例在适当的时间和适当的地点得到这种护理？	1
What personal and professional skills have you developed since joining the program?	自加入该计划以来，您发展了哪些个人和专业技能？	0
What political system does Cuba and North Korea have?	古巴和朝鲜有什么政治制度？	0
What pop culture has made you happy this week?	哪种流行文化让您在本周感到快乐？	0
What proportion do mental health carers represent of the total carer population?	精神健康护理人员在护理人员总人数中所占比例是多少？	0
What questions should I ask the owner regarding electric heat?	我应该向车主询问有关电热的哪些问题？	2
What Rauramo wants to do is call in question the heated climate change discussion that is ongoing also in Finland, and challenge us to consider the matter from a national perspective.	Rauramo 想要做的是质疑芬兰正在进行的激烈的气候变化讨论，并要求我们从国家角度考虑这一问题。	0
What services are provided by the IT Service Desk?	IT 服务台提供哪些服务？	0
What she means by this is that more and more it seems that people are not really aware of how food is produced.	她的意思是，人们似乎越来越不知道粮食是如何生产的。	1
What started out as a financial prudence initiative, could result in the contrary if a firm breaches FSA rules.	如果公司违反 FSA 规则，则最初作为财务审慎举措而推出的做法可能会导致相反的结果。	1
What struck me is the kind of attention Rio Tinto has generated in one of the two countries where it is headquartered.	让我印象深刻的是里约 · 托特在其总部所在的两个国家中的一个国家引起了关注。	2
What that entails for you is that once it amounts to selecting an affiliate program, you are going to have a vast range to choose from.	这对你来说意味着一旦它相当于选择一个附属计划，你将有广泛的选择范围。	1
What the Trilateral Commission intends is to create a worldwide economic power superior to the political governments of the nation states involved.	三边委员会的意图是建立一个比所涉民族国家的政治政府更好的世界经济大国。	1
What they created was a patented process to economically manufacture an inkjet printhead that spans the entire width of a printed page.	他们创建的是一个获得专利的流程，用于经济地制造横跨打印页面整个宽度的喷墨打印头。	2
What they taught about Jesus exposed them to a risk of losing their lives.	他们所教导的耶稣使他们面临着失去生命的危险。	2
What two numbers when added together will give you a result of 638?	如果将哪两个数字相加，结果将为 638 ？	1
What types of things were the settlers doing at first that just made the natives laugh?	移民们最初做了什么让当地人笑的事情？	1
What was even funnier was the very the next episode when he teasing Kate with it, sending variations of it to her computer.	更有趣的是，下一集，他用它向凯特发出不同的信息，将它发送到她的电脑上。	2
What was the test to see if the plagues were from God?	如果这些瘟疫来自上帝，那又有什么考验呢？	1
What we find out is that the mother met the officer in the flat and he transmitted a lot of information to her telepathically.	我们发现，母亲在公寓里见到了这位军官，他通过电视向她传递了很多信息。	0
What we really have here is simply energy with only our own labels added on.	我们在这里真正拥有的只是我们自己的标签上添加的能量。	1
What were my wrongs to those she had endured?	我对她所忍受的那些人有什么错误？	2
What we wish to register will be decided in part by our skills in drawing out varying perspectives from both community and information fields.	我们希望登记的内容将部分地由我们从社区和信息领域提出不同观点的技能决定。	1
What we would get is the show and spectacle of rider talent that the fans want.	我们所得到的是球迷所想要的骑士天才的表演和奇观。	1
What will be the mission of the new truth?	新真理的使命是什么？	1
What will happen to Maggie and her friends as Voldemort gains power?	随着 Voldemort 获得权力， Maggie 和她的朋友会发生什么？	0
What will happen when you two meet up again.	当您两人再次见面时会发生什么。	1
What will life be like now that the people of Ember live on the surface?	现在， Ember 的人们生活在表面上，生活会怎样？	2
What will you be working on today to make your home a haven?	您今天将会做些什么来使您的家成为天堂？	2
What would happen if everyone were to resign tomorrow morning?	如果明天早上每个人都辞职，会发生什么情况？	1
What would occur if a medical professional did not recognize a crisis?	如果医疗专业人员不认识到危机，会发生什么情况？	0
What would you do if you discovered that you were adopted and that your biological father was a serial killer who was never caught but presumed dead?	如果你发现你被领养了，你的生物父亲是一个从不被抓但推定死亡的连续杀手，你会怎么做？	2
What would you like to offer inquirers seeking A Religion of Our Time?	您希望向寻求我们时代宗教信仰的询问者提供什么？	2
What you mean is that there is a convention in meteorology to specify the units in the ratio in order to specify the quantities whose masses or densities are being compared. p6, near bottom of page.	您所说的是，气象学有一个惯例，规定比率中的单位，以指定质量或密度的比较数量。 p6 ，接近页面底部。	1
What you need to know for skiing in Austria!	在奥地利滑雪需要了解的信息！	0
What you need to look for and be aware of is the specific things that guide what you do.	您需要寻找并意识到的是指导您所做工作的具体事项。	1
Whelan has designs on cracking the US market.	惠兰有着开拓美国市场的设计。	0
When all along it was simply saying that this function is not defined anywhere.	一直只是说这个功能没有在任何地方定义。	2
When booking individual berths in a couchette coach, half fare is charged for children aged six to 14 and children under the age of six who require their own berth.	在大客车上预订个人泊位时， 6 至 14 岁的儿童和 6 岁以下需要自己泊位的儿童将收取半价。	1
When both people work, all but the most foolhardy couples enjoy significantly greater financial benefits than other families.	当两人都工作时，除了最愚蠢的夫妇之外，所有其他家庭都享有比其他家庭更大的经济利益。	2
When called with a transaction ID xid, it rolls back the given transaction.	使用事务 ID xid 调用时，它会回滚给定的事务。	2
When daylight came around we were like yes.	当白天降临时，我们就像是的。	2
When dealing with a wide variety of technical issues, it pays to create a process that helps bring the matter to a baseline.	在处理各种各样的技术问题时，创建一个有助于将问题置于基线的流程是值得的。	1
When did we last sample the atmosphere before we launched a really hi tech Dornier 228 to sample the upper atmosphere?	在我们推出真正高科技的 Dornier 228 样品高层大气之前，我们上次是什么时候试过大气？	2
When did you show up fix my old washing machine?	你什么时候去修理我的旧洗衣机？	0
When do young Belgians start learning a foreign language?	比利时年轻人何时开始学习外语？	0
When do you plan to graduate from Central Ohio Technical College?	您计划何时从俄亥俄州中部技术学院毕业？	1
When either Kristen or Amy sing, all you can do is have your eyes glued to them.	当 Kristen 或 Amy 唱歌时，你所能做的就是把眼睛粘在他们身上。	2
Whenever I went to Comox to visit family, I thought of trying to find out exactly where it was Alice Munro lived.	每当我去科莫克斯探望家人时，我都想试着找出爱丽丝 · 穆罗的确切居住地。	0
Whenever there are visitors, the police conceal the illegal workstations and set up large, open workshops above ground.	每当有访客时，警察就会隐藏非法工作站，并在地面上设立大型的公开工作车间。	0
Whenever they interrogated me and they felt that the answer was improper, they beat me with the wooden stick or the leather belt or whatever they liked.	每当他们问我，他们觉得答案不对，他们就用木棍或皮带或任何他们喜欢的东西殴打我。	0
When he attempted to have his chief sound engineer examine the technology, Mark refused to talk to him or any other engineer.	当他试图让他的首席音响工程师检查技术时， Mark 拒绝与他或任何其他工程师交谈。	0
When he came back he seemed much more himself, and much more aware of his surroundings than the dreamlike state he was in before.	当他回来的时候，他似乎更了解他的周围环境，而不是他以前所处的梦幻般的状态。	2
When he glanced over at her, he found that the beaming smile on her face made up for feeling like a complete idiot.	当他望着她时，他发现她脸上的微笑弥补了一种完全的白痴的感觉。	2
When he got to the climax of his speech the money basket landed in my lap...	当他达到演讲的高潮时，钱篮落在我的膝盖上了 ...	1
When he had saved her and had looked at her in that way, Claire felt the love for the first time.	当他拯救了她并以这种方式看她时，克莱尔第一次感受到了爱。	1
When he is attacked by a group of men from Sound, he is saved by a fourteen year old teenager by the name of Naruto Uzumaki.	当他受到来自 Sound 的一群人的攻击时，他被一个 14 岁的少年以 Naruto Uzumaki 的名字拯救了。	1
When he left, he wished my luck and told me he hoped I would play in Minnesota one day.	当他离开时，他祝愿我好运，并告诉我他希望有一天我能在明尼苏达州打球。	1
When her father buys her a muggle device, she meets someone who accepts her for who she is.	当她的父亲购买了一台移动设备时，她遇到了一个接受她的人。	1
When her tears had dried enough for her to see, she moved her robe off her leg and saw a bruise forming.	当她的眼泪已经干得够干了，她把她的长袍从她的腿上移走，看到一个青肿。	2
When he was just a few feet away from her he stopped and looked her body up and down once again.	当他离她只有几英尺的距离时，他停下来，再次抬头向下看着她的身体。	2
When he went to see his doctor and described the symptoms, she asked if he had suffered any memory loss.	When he went to see his doctor and described the symptoms ， she asked if he had suffered any memory loss.	2
When his attorney obliged by asking Mr Patterson if he could sleep with his wife, he shook his head to signify that he had not heard the question, thus proving that the player had temporarily destroyed his hearing.	当他的律师要求帕特森先生问他是否可以和妻子一起睡觉时，他摇头表示他没有听过这个问题，从而证明这位球员暂时破坏了他的听声。	2
When I am not at Southside teaching I enjoy making my own art. These days I mostly paint in oils but I have been known to use almost any medium for my own art making.	当我不在 Southside 教学时，我喜欢制作自己的艺术。这些天我大多用油涂漆，但众所周知，我几乎用任何媒介制作自己的艺术。	1
When ice at the top of the mantling layer sublimes back into the atmosphere, it leaves behind dust, which forms an insulating layer over remaining ice.	当冰层顶部的冰从大气中升空时，它会留下灰尘，形成一个与剩余冰相比的绝缘层。	2
When I first arrived, the key I received was damaged, looking like it had gotten smashed under a car or something.	当我第一次到达时，我收到的钥匙被损坏，看起来像是被汽车或其他东西砸碎了。	1
When I first came to college I made a lot of mistakes, especially since I was the first person in my family to go to college.	当我第一次上大学时，我犯了很多错误，特别是因为我是我家庭中第一个上大学的人。	1
When I first started exercising at 250 pounds, I hid in the basement so no one could see me.	当我第一次以 250 磅的体重开始运动时，我藏在地下室，所以没人能看到我。	1
When I found out it literally made my day.	当我发现它确实让我的一天变得美好。	1
When I get my chapters back, I wince at all the corrections made.	当我把我的章节拿回来时，我对所有的更正感到很满足。	1
When I got my bike, he ran alongside me for at least a thousand miles until I got the hang of it.	当我拿到自行车的时候，他和我一起跑了至少一千英里，直到我得到了它的悬挂。	2
When I had an operation on my eye the doctor advised me to have another operation after 10 years.	当我进行手术时，医生建议我在 10 年后再做一次手术。	2
When I heard about this Colombian labor plaque, I thought that was really interesting because it had the potential to be more flexible.	当我听说这块哥伦比亚的劳工牌匾时，我认为这真的很有趣，因为它可能会变得更灵活。	0
When I installed the system update that enables its advanced features, I could not access the new Mouse preference pane.	当我安装启用其高级功能的系统更新时，我无法访问新的“鼠标首选项”窗格。	1
When in 1973 the rival businesses Rafflenbeul und Frobana closed down, they transferred their spare part depots to Mebus from which even today costumers are still supplied with spare parts and accessories.	1973 年，竞争对手 Rafflenbeul und Frobana 关闭时，他们将其备件仓库转移到 Mebus ，即使今天，这些仓库仍然向客户提供备件和附件。	1
When I noticed that I was the only car on the road, I held my head out the window, letting the wind blow in my face and cool some of the heat I had started to feel.	当我注意到我是道路上唯一的汽车时，我把头从窗户上拉开，让风吹到我的脸上，并冷却我开始感受到的一些热气。	1
When installing the screen be careful not to bend or crease the screens.	安装屏幕时，请小心不要弯曲或折弯屏幕。	1
When interacting with version control systems, developers often commit unrelated or loosely related code changes in a single transaction.	当与版本控制系统交互时，开发人员通常会在单个事务中提交不相关或松散相关的代码更改。	1
When I opened the folder paper and read what was inside, I only became even more confused.	当我打开文件夹文件并阅读其中的内容时，我只会变得更加困惑。	0
When I saw that one I just kept exclaiming to Shawn how darn cute Charlie is!	当我看到这件人时，我一直在向肖恩大声喊着查理是多么可爱！	1
When I stumbled across the Emerald Talisman I started out planning to read the first few chapters.	当我偶然发现 Emerald Talisman 时，我开始计划阅读前几章。	0
When it came she quickly made her way over for the mush and ate it quickly.	当它来的时候，她很快就为那泥沙而去，很快就吃了。	2
When it comes to auto accidents, a great deal of finger pointing goes on.	在汽车事故方面，大量的手指指尖都在继续。	2
When it comes to solving the problems of alcohol abuse, it is time we started listening to reason.	在解决酗酒问题时，我们应该开始倾听理性。	1
When it had all dried he blew the ink off so that both signatures remained perfect, not one area smudged.	当它全部干燥后，他将墨水吹掉，使两个签名保持完美，而没有一个区域被弄脏。	1
When it was time for games, I was allowed to make the choice between Mr. Potato Head or Cooties.	在比赛的时候，我被允许在土豆头先生或库蒂斯先生之间做出选择。	2
When I was in college some teachers got carried away with handing out work.	当我上大学的时候，一些教师因为分发工作而被带走。	2
When I was younger, I always wanted an angle d head military flashlight.	当我年轻的时候，我总是想要一个角头军事手电筒。	1
When I was young, I enjoyed going out with friends until all hours of the night drinking, dancing and having a good time.	当我年轻的时候，我喜欢和朋友出去，直到晚上喝酒，跳舞，度过一段美好的时光。	1
When I went to sleep the wind was blowing really hard past the eaves of the house, so it was making an erie screeching sound… Horrifying.	我… 睡觉的时候，风吹过了房子的山洞，所以它发出了伊利的尖叫声可怕的声音。	2
When Jewish Rabbis go to a conference in Iran with Ahmadinijad to deny the holocaust, does this change Judaism or the validity of Judaism?	当犹太犹太教会在伊朗与内贾德举行会议否认大屠杀时，这是否改变了犹太教或犹太教的有效性？	1
When Keanu Reeves picked the part of Jack, he knew that he would be doing a lot of action in this movie.	当克亚努 · 雷维斯挑选杰克的那部分时，他知道他将在这部电影中做很多动作。	1
When Kristin flees her home to begin a new life ...	当 Kristin 逃离她的家开始新的生活时 ...	0
When learning about dealing with anxiety attacks as well as the initial anxiety that causes them, it is important to find out about the anxiety disorders that exist.	在了解如何应对焦虑攻击以及导致这些攻击的最初焦虑时，必须了解存在的焦虑障碍。	0
When making the new driver it goes successfully with a few warnings but no error.	创建新驱动程序时，它会成功地发出一些警告，但不会出现错误。	1
When man starts reflecting upon this issue, he soon withdraws, feeling humble and obscure, like a small creature that put his small ability to know in front of God, who represents the perfect knowledge.	当人类开始思考这个问题时，他很快就会退缩，感到谦卑和模糊，就像一个小生物，把他小小的认识能力放在神面前，而神代表着完美的知识。	1
When Marcy Schwam entered her first ultra, barely a handful of women around the world had attempted the sport.	当 Marcy Schwam 进入她的第一个极限时，全世界仅有少数几位妇女尝试了这项运动。	1
When multiple queries exist, the result of the last query is used as context for the next query and only the result of the last one is output.	当存在多个查询时，最后一个查询的结果将用作下一个查询的上下文，并且只输出最后一个查询的结果。	0
When placing an order for Delivery in Appleton City, Missouri, it is usually wise to keep the order simple, the less specific you are in your request, the less room for error.	在密苏里州阿普尔顿市下订单时，通常最好保持订单简单，您在请求中的具体程度越低，错误空间就越小。	1
When playing on saturday night I flopped a royal flush.	在周六晚上的比赛中，我跳了一个皇家冲水。	2
When she approached the exes, she saw Todd and kicked the vegan rocker in the shin.	当她接近呼气机时，她看到了托德，并在胫骨上踢了素食者的摇杆。	2
When she craned her head to check on her son, she smiled and rolled her eyes at the fact that the baby was laying on his back with outstretched arms.	当她用头检查儿子时，她笑了起来，用伸出的手臂躺在他的背上。	2
When she eventually chose Broadway, it had reinforced his loneliness and had made him realise that maybe he was just destined to face life alone.	当她最终选择百老汇时，它强化了他的孤独，并使他意识到也许他注定要面对单独的生活。	1
When she got home, there was another grave Beth had to visit.	当她回家的时候，伯斯又去了一个坟墓。	2
When she had finished wiping her eyes clear and ceased her fit he turned back towards her raising a brow.	当她把眼睛擦干净，身体不好的时候，他又转身向她抬起头巾。	2
When she had returned from talking to the Captain and First Officer of the Enterprise she seemed to be a little more at peace with the situation.	当她从与企业部的船长和第一官员谈话回来时，她似乎对这种情况更加平静。	1
When she saw him hesitate, she would place a hand on his arm.	当她看到他犹豫时，她会把手放在他的手臂上。	2
When the alarm goes off they all freeze until the alarm goes off again, at which point they go back to what they were doing before.	当警报关闭时，它们都将冻结，直到警报再次关闭，此时它们将返回到之前的状态。	0
When the bus pulled up to the venue, Amber asked the tour manager if the Sounds were indeed in the bus.	当巴士开到会场时，琥珀问导游是否确实有声音在巴士上。	2
When the gaming world was still small AND it was a nintendo exclusive.	当游戏世界仍然很小，它是任天堂的独家游戏。	1
When the heavy platinum door separated the world, it was like taking a breath after drowning.	当厚重的铂金门把世界隔开时，就像在溺水后呼吸一样。	1
When the kingdom of the Beast fully takes shape Jews and Christians will be forced to accept the Antichrist and Satan as god or face state execution.	当野兽王国完全成形的时候，犹太人和基督徒将被迫接受基督信徒和撒旦为神，或面临国家处决。	1
When the man threw the meat in Riley tore at it like an animal and ate like a savage.	当他把肉扔在里利时，他就像一只动物一样，吃得像一种野蛮。	2
When the operator chose one of these to intercept the target, commands would automatically be sent via teletype to local controllers who would take over from there.	当操作员选择其中一个来截取目标时，命令将通过电传方式自动发送给将从该处接管的本地控制器。	1
When the pause appears, an exercise for you to practise is displayed.	当暂停出现时，将显示一个练习供您练习。	1
When the price elasticity of demand is low, drug companies will tend to get more income if they increase prices because the percentage decrease in quantity sold will be less than the percentage increase in price.	当需求的价格弹性较低时，药品公司如果提高价格，就会获得更多的收入，因为销售量的百分比下降将低于价格的百分比增长。	1
When the restrooms were no longer needed it was sealed up.	当厕所不再需要时，它就被封好了。	1
When the skin begins to lose some of its strength, it becomes drier which is also resulting from the production of significantly less essential natural skin oils.	当皮肤开始失去部分力量时，它变得干燥，这也是因为生产的天然皮肤油要少得多。	2
When the spell had not revealed any result however, Harry knew he had found his answer – the language spoken was not one meant to be heard on land.	然而，当咒语没有显示出任何结果时，哈利就知道他找到了他的答案——所说的语言并不是一种在陆地上被听到的语言。	1
When the witness made his way to Arcadia Way, Officer Plunkett was still pointing his handgun at the subject (Mr.	当证人前往阿卡迪亚路时，普伦基特军官仍在将手枪指向该人（ Mr.	1
When the wizard asks you to select a printer and model, select the printer and model on the list.	当向导要求您选择打印机和型号时，请在列表中选择打印机和型号。	0
When the world was managed by a few rich and powerful individuals, these persons loved to entertain a lofty idea of the duties of man.	当世界由几个富有和有权势的人管理时，这些人喜欢对人的责任抱有崇高的想法。	1
When they arrived at their destination, Genesis saw a picnic blanket and a basket that is bigger than he expected.	当他们到达目的地时， Genesis 看到了一条野餐毯和一个比他预期的更大的篮子。	1
When they came to the dinner table their stomachs already felt filled by looking at the feast in front of them.	当他们来到餐桌上时，他们的胃已经被他们面前的盛宴所填满了。	1
When they repeatedly ignored her, she grabbed one of the older boys by his pants and threw him over a fence.	When they repeatedly ignored her, she grabbed one of the older boys by his 裤子 and threw him over a fence.	2
When they were sure he was gone, they all retreated to the cave, preparing for the harsh days of the hunger games that would surely come next.	当他们确定他已经离开时，他们都回到了洞穴里，为下一场饥饿游戏的艰难日子做准备。	1
When thinking of graphics performance in games you REALLY need to think about system ram and the video card.	在考虑游戏中的图形性能时，您真的需要考虑系统 RAM 和显卡。	1
When transplantation is considered late in the course of the disease, there is a substantial risk that the patient will not survive until donor lungs are available.	如果在该疾病的晚期考虑移植，则存在很大的风险，即患者在获得献血者肺之前无法生存。	2
When used on an investigation this will aid in the detection for spirit presence Rapid temperature drop of 10 degrees or more could indicate a spirit presence.	当用于调查时，这将有助于检测是否存在精神状态 10 度或以上的快速温度下降可能表明存在精神状态。	1
When we are the victims of these kinds of things it is psychologically important to accept that we are in fact a victim.	当我们是这类事情的受害者时，在心理上必须承认我们实际上是受害者。	1
When we first started the project back in 2005, our logo had a beautiful little white girl sitting in front of a bookcase full of books.	当我们在 2005 年开始这一项目时，我们的徽标上有一个美丽的白色小女孩坐在一个装满书籍的书柜前。	2
When we pulled into the car park the car was surrounded by small boys with umbrellas pulling faces at us.	当我们进入停车场时，车被小男孩包围着，他们用雨伞把我们的脸拉着。	2
When were undertaker and kane told that they are half related ?	当地下人员和凯恩被告知他们有一半关系时，他们是什么时候？	2
When we use the legal term capture, does that mean it is contained or controlled?	当我们使用法律术语捕获时，这是否意味着它受到控制或控制？	2
When we were done i shut the bike off to see if it would start back but the battery was already dead within that 5 min period!	当我们完成后，我关闭了自行车，看看它是否会重新启动，但电池在这 5 分钟内就已经耗尽了！	2
When you are near, and when I speak with you, your words warm my heart more than the brightest rays of the sun ever could.	当你在附近，当我和你说话的时候，你的话语给我的心暖，比太阳最亮的光线更温暖。	1
When you do this, keep in mind that a great deal of your ferrets time will be spent here so you must ensure that it is both comfortable and safe for them.	当您这样做时，请记住，您的大量雪貂时间将在这里度过，因此您必须确保雪貂既舒适又安全。	1
When you focus on the negative, you can make growing your business much more difficult than it needs to be.	当您关注负面因素时，您可以使业务增长变得比需要的困难多得多。	1
When you purchase land from Frontier Properties you are a protected by a 100% money back 90 day guarantee.	当你从边疆房地产购买土地时 , 你是一个得到 100% 退款 90 天保证的保护 .	2
When you were little, a friend was someone who would share a cookie with you on a late summer afternoon.	当你还不大的时候，一个朋友会在夏天的一个下午跟你分享一个曲奇。	2
Where a Member State ascertains that a product declared to be in conformity with the terms of this Directive.	如果成员国确定某产品已声明符合本指令的条款。	1
Where are the bishops who would suggest that those who manufacture nuclear weapons are excommunicated?	谁会说制造核武器的人会被引渡到哪里？	0
Whereas tables and figures provide much of the appeal in quantitative research, tableaux of experience and figures of speech provide much of the appeal in qualitative research.	表格和数字在定量研究中具有很大的吸引力，而经验和言语数字则在定性研究中具有很大的吸引力。	1
Where can i get information on best price viagra and materials on best price viagra.	在哪里可以获得关于最佳价格的威格拉和最佳价格的材料的信息。	1
Where Can I Lease a Car With No Money Down?	我可以在哪里租一辆没有钱的汽车？	2
Where he may have once held back in defense, he put his body on the line in the initial minutes, thwarting what soon became a regular Penno attack.	在他可能曾被防守过的地方，他在最初几分钟就把身体放在了防线上，挫败了很快就成为经常的彭诺攻击。	2
Where I live is virtually an abandoned wasteland where jobs are funneled out of the state faster than you can spit into the wind, but this is what the senate spends its efforts on.	我所居住的地方实际上是一个被遗弃的荒地，在那里，工作被投入到国家之外的速度比你可以投入到风中的速度要快，但这正是参议院所花的努力。	2
Where it All Went Wrong reviews When a girl, named Cerecila wakes up in her practically abandoned house with a strange note on a laptop from her brother.	当一个叫 Cerecila 的女孩在她的几乎被遗弃的房子里醒来时，她的兄弟用笔记本电脑上的奇怪纸条，这一切都是错误的。	2
Where polio victims have to crawl through the traffic on their knees and elbows?	脊髓灰质炎受害者必须在哪里爬过膝盖和肘部的交通？	2
Where specifications require the use of drawings, blue prints or white papers, all dimensions stated must utilize the metric system.	如果规格要求使用图纸，蓝色打印件或白皮书，则所有规定尺寸都必须使用公制系统。	1
Where the grounds for complaint are considered plausible, the material will be permanently withdrawn from the site.	如果认为申诉的理由是合理的，材料将永久从现场撤出。	1
WHERE: The Hester Street Fair located on the corner of Hester and Essex Streets.	地点：海丝特街集市（ Hester Street Fair ）位于海丝特街和埃塞克斯街（ Essex Street ）的拐角处。	2
Where the house had once stood a raging fire had now taken its place.	房屋曾经曾遭到大火的地方现在已经被取代了。	2
Whether one wishes to account for the refractory state depends upon the time scales under consideration.	是否要考虑到这种不耐火状态，取决于所审议的时间尺度。	1
Whether you are a fan of the Duke or of the genre, this is one western you have to watch at some point in your life.	无论你是公爵还是这种流派的粉丝，这都是你一生中一定要去看的一个西方国家。	2
Whether you are exploring the region as a tourist, visiting the area on business or simply passing through, the hotel has a convenient location with excellent access to public transportation.	无论您是作为游客游览该地区，还是商务旅行，或者只是路过，酒店都拥有优越的地理位置，方便乘坐公共交通工具。	0
Whether you are looking in Pennsylvania or New Jersey, the agents of Coldwell Banker Hearthside, Realtors have the skill and the knowledge to make both your search and your real estate experience a success!	无论您是在宾夕法尼亚州还是新泽西寻找， Coldwell Banker Hearthside 的代理商，房地产经纪人都有技能和知识，使您的搜索和房地产体验都获得成功！	2
Whether you are new to the market or an experienced investor, our team at Florida Prestige have the expertise, proven track record, and resources to help you achieve your objectives in the Miami Real Estate market.	无论您是市场新手还是经验丰富的投资者，我们的佛罗里达 Prestige 团队都拥有专业知识，久经考验的业绩记录和资源，可帮助您实现迈阿密房地产市场的目标。	0
Whether you are working with your suppliers via email or over the phone to procure the materials you need to make your product, collaboration is a major element of your success.	无论您是通过电子邮件还是通过电话与供应商合作采购制作产品所需的材料，协作都是您成功的主要因素。	0
Whether you have a daughter or not, knowledge about and, in some cases, an obsession with this book is so pervasive among teens that as parents we ignore its impact at our peril.	无论你是否有女儿，对这本书的了解，在某些情况下，对这本书的痴迷在青少年中是如此普遍，以至于作为父母，我们忽视了它对我们的影响。	2
Whether you have a good credit rating or a bad credit rating, there are opportunities available to take advantage of the low prices and interest fees.	无论您的信用评级是否良好或信用评级不佳，都有机会利用低价格和利息费用。	0
Whether you will benefit from the distribution of content any more is questionable.	您是否会从内容的分发中获益是一个疑问。	0
Which brings us to our weekly Canada Customs and Revenue Agency Story of the Week!	这让我们了解了每周的加拿大海关和税务局故事！	1
Which character should be written for next in the series, please tell me in a review.	系列中的下一个字符应该写哪一个字符，请在评论中告诉我。	1
Whichever decision you make, your continued interest, support and involvement with your children is likely to be the most important factor in the long run.	无论您做出何种决定，您对孩子的持续关注，支持和参与都可能是长期最重要的因素。	0
Which Factors Determine the Level of Expenditure on Teaching Staff?	哪些因素决定了教学人员的开支水平？	0
Which is more than you can say about Hugh Johnson, neither part of whose monicker is exactly resounding.	这比你能说的更多关于 Hugh Johnson 的事情，他的怪兽中没有一个是完全令人反感的。	2
Which is used to select or make a choice or to specify a particular one.	用于选择或选择或指定特定选项。	2
Which is very guitar based and quite raw.	这是一种非常以吉他为基础的，非常原始的吉他。	2
Which meant it brings things in a lot closer then they really are.	这意味着它能使事情比实际情况更接近。	2
Which of the Following Five Sets of Beliefs Would You Like to Be True?	您希望以下五种信仰中的哪一种是正确的？	0
Which one of the following was an effect of the Revolutionary War?	以下哪一项是革命战争的影响？	1
Which resulted in me needing to practice my trombone after all, and which resulted in my sister crying, because I had asked her to lie for me.	这让我不得不练习我的长骨，导致我姐姐哭了，因为我让她替我撒谎。	2
Which Sega game are you most looking forward too?	您最期待的是哪款 Sega 游戏？	0
Which sort of freaked the poor blond out a little when he first realised this.	当穷人第一次意识到这一点时，那种让他有点害怕的做法就会让他有点发了。	2
Which statement describes the mass of the sealed box after sitting in the sun?	下列哪项陈述描述了坐在阳光下后密封盒的质量？	2
Which was good, why should I care about what they were saying?	哪一项是好的，我为什么要关心他们的言论？	1
Which would increase the likelihood of pesticide resistance?	哪一项会增加杀虫剂抗药性的可能性？	0
While a display would be nice, I mainly wanted a portable storage device that I could download my digital pictures into so that I could free up memory cards.	虽然显示屏会很好，但我主要需要一个便携式存储设备，我可以将数码照片下载到其中，以便释放存储卡。	0
While Americans cheer that we are now home on our couches watching the E Channel, Al Qeada will use the opportunity to plot their next faze of the war.	当美国人欢呼我们现在回到了我们的沙发上观看 E 频道时，阿尔凯达将利用这个机会策划他们的下一场战争。	2
While at a meetup at the local zoo, I noticed one woman that was walking quickly away from our small group of doll owners.	在当地动物园聚会时，我注意到一位女士正在从我们的小环礁岛主人那里走一走。	2
While at the concentration camp, Heim worked closely with SS pharmacist Erich Wasicky and carried out gruesome experiments likened to those of Joseph Mengele at Auschwitz.	在集中营， Heim 与 SS 药剂师 Erich Wasicky 密切合作，并进行了与奥斯威辛约瑟夫 · 门格莱类似的可怕实验。	0
While casual dress to some people may mean jeans and shorts, in most cases that is not appropriate attire for a rehearsal dinner unless specifically noted on the invitation.	虽然一些人的休闲装可能意味着牛仔裤和短裤，但在大多数情况下，排练晚餐不适合穿着，除非邀请中特别注明。	1
While dynamic programming can improve the accuracy of the stereo image, basic block matching is still an expensive operation, and dynamic programming only adds to the burden.	虽然动态编程可以提高立体图像的准确性，但基本块匹配仍是一项昂贵的操作，而动态编程只会增加负担。	1
While everyone believes that CRM should play an important role in a real estate firm, recent decisions reflect a disparity of opinions.	虽然每个人都认为 CRM 应该在房地产公司中发挥重要作用，但最近的决策反映了意见的差异。	0
While first reports derived from the projects were available by the end of 2001, the following period allowed team members to turn their original research reports into fully- fledged monographs to be published by CICRED.	虽然从这些项目中获得的首批报告在 2001 年底之前已经提供，但在下一个时期，小组成员可以将其原始研究报告变成由消除危地马拉犯罪委员会出版的正式专论。	1
While headed to my car, I noticed that there was no way out of the parking lot without driving directly over broken glass.	当我开车去的时候，我注意到没有直接开过破碎的玻璃就没有办法离开停车场。	2
While I appreciate the wittiness of Ravenclaws, I love the strength of morals and character that most Hufflepuff students possess.	虽然我欣赏拉文克劳斯的女巫，但我喜欢大多数哈夫勒普夫学生所拥有的道德和性格的力量。	0
While I hate the interuption, I would have to agree that an interuptable skill can at least be used in some situations as opposed to what we have now which is usable in NO situation.	虽然我不喜欢这种干预，但我必须同意，至少在某些情况下可以使用可干预的技能，而不是我们现在的技能，因为这种技能在任何情况下都是可用的。	2
While in the Marines he coached the Marine Corps football team in the Far East Rice Bowl.	在海军陆战队时，他在远东稻米杯中为海军陆战队足球队提供了指导。	1
While I sort of assumed that Harry was the Tremayne heir, it still was cool to see him find out.	虽然我假设哈里是特雷马恩继承人，但看到他发现他还是很酷的。	1
While it has long been recognized that cholesterol levels are useful predictors of heart disease, it is now becoming clear that many other lipid types are altered during, and exert an effect upon atherosclerosis.	虽然人们早已认识到胆固醇水平是心脏病的有用预测指标，但现在越来越清楚的是，许多其他脂质类型在期间发生了变化，并对动脉粥样硬化产生了影响。	1
While it is true that established parties benefit financially from access to funding, so too do smaller parties, providing them with a source of funds that can help sustain them and enable them to maintain an organizational presence between elections.	虽然成立政党确实从获得资金中获益，但较小政党也是如此，它们为它们提供了一个资金来源，帮助它们维持下去，并使它们能够在选举之间保持组织存在。	2
While it might be tempting to hurl insults and refuse to pay any money owed, the law might not be on your side.	虽然这可能是一种诱惑，会伤害侮辱，拒绝支付任何欠款，但法律可能不在你的一边。	1
While it offers no simple solutions, it does compel viewers to take stock of their actions and find ways to end peer abuse.	虽然它不提供简单的解决方案，但它确实迫使观众评估自己的行为，并找到终止同事滥用的方法。	1
While it was sort of sad to see the adventure end, it was also exciting to be returning home after so long away.	虽然看到探险的结束有点难过，但在这么久之后回到家也是令人兴奋的。	0
While lofty pursuits of exquisite single, precision measurements drove the developments, it will become evident that a large fraction of the effort involved was devoted to the understanding and eliminating basic thermal effects and fluctuations.	虽然精密的单精度测量的崇高追求推动了这一发展，但显而易见的是，所涉及的大部分精力都用于理解和消除基本的热效应和波动。	0
While lugging multiple recycling bins to the curbside every week it has occurred to me that I am only one person and there are a lot of bins!	每周将多个回收箱拖到路边时，我发现我只有一个人，而且有很多回收箱！	1
While Merlin and Gwen were showing her the smithy and all its tools, Mary was fully aware that Corinne had begun her new job in the castle kitchens.	当 Merlin 和 Gwen 向她展示其所有的工具时， Mary 完全意识到 Corinne 在城堡厨房开始了她的新工作。	1
While most other early primates are represented in the fossil record by a few teeth or a foot bone here and there, A. achilles looks remarkably good for its age.	虽然大部分其他早期灵长类动物在化石记录中都有几颗牙齿或一根脚骨，但 A. 烤箱在其年龄中看起来非常好。	2
While only the Republican Party has gone on to become a dominant player in American political life, the overall political platforms of several third parties have taken root in the American political landscape.	虽然只有共和党在美国政治生活中成为主导人物，但一些第三方的总体政治纲领却在美国政治格局中扎根。	0
While others, who know Thee not, are careful and troubled about many things, may the one thing needful occupy the first place in our hearts this day.	而不认识你的人却在许多事情上都很小心和不安，但有一天，一件需要的事可能会在我们心中占据第一位。	1
While our immediate concern is with the existing homeowners, corrective action must also be applied to future construction.	虽然我们眼前关注的是现有房主，但也必须对未来的建设采取纠正行动。	1
While planning an afternoon tea party, something scares the puppies away and the girls have to solve the mystery before they can celebrate.	在计划下午茶派对的同时，有些东西会让小狗消失，女孩必须先解决这个谜，然后才能庆祝。	1
While returning to the rear, they observed 2 men approaching who appeared to be marines and immediately demanded the password.	在返回后部时，他们看到两名似乎是海军陆战队的男子接近，并立即要求输入密码。	1
While someone like Martin Hayes is steeped in tradition - his father and all his ancestors were pure traditional musicians - he is as contemporary as they come.	虽然像马丁 · 海斯这样的人沉浸在传统中——他的父亲和他的所有祖先都是纯粹的传统音乐家——但他和他们一样是当代的。	2
While such successes may continue to be the exception rather than the rule in Africa, other economies can do well too.	虽然这种成功可能仍然是非洲的例外，而不是常规，但其他经济体也可以做得好。	2
While the answer to the first question is only a search engine away, the second has been at the root of much of human endeavor for millennia.	虽然第一个问题的答案仅仅是一个搜索引擎，但第二个问题是几千年来人类努力的根源。	1
While the face was smiling brilliantly, his blue eyes remained cool and dead.	他的脸在微笑的同时，蓝色的眼睛仍然凉爽死了。	2
While the First Amendment would undoubtedly prevent enforcement of such a law in the United States, it illustrates the potential for mischief that can be accomplished under the guise of protecting privacy.	虽然第一项修正案无疑会阻止美国执行这一法律，但它表明了在保护隐私的幌子下可能实现的误导。	2
While the law gives each party until Tuesday, September 14, to name a candidate, the Republicans have already named Frank Rossi as their standard bearer.	虽然法律规定每一政党在 9 月 14 日之前都要提名候选人，但共和党人已经提名弗兰克 · 罗西为其标准持票人。	1
While the machine is incorporating the cherries, slice a few reserved cherries for garnish.	当机器正在整合樱桃时，将一些保留的樱桃切成块。	1
While this condition almost always requires medication to treat, even if on a back up basis, the treatment goals of reducing attacks are best achieved by creating a lifestyle that supports your health.	虽然这种情况几乎总是需要药物治疗，即使是在备份的基础上，但减少攻击的治疗目标最好是通过创造一种支持您健康的生活方式来实现。	2
While this does not assist in the differentiation of Canis species, it demonstrates recent or close common evolutionary lineage.	虽然这无助于区分 Canis 物种，但它显示了最近或最近的共同进化血统。	1
While this line is quite transparent at higher levels, it is VERY VERY effective at SSNL.	虽然这条线在较高的层次上是相当透明的，但在 SSNL 上是非常有效的。	1
While this may Be sure that I there for Hoodia When youcan be given to his production facility!	虽然这可以肯定的是，当你可以把你交给胡迪亚的生产设施时，我就在那里！	1
While Tsuna was worrying over them, both Gokudera and Yamamoto were worrying over him.	虽然松田担心他们，但佐库德拉和山本都担心他。	1
While we want and expect our customers to respect copyright law, we have much better things do to with our time and resources than annoying legitimate customers in a futile attempt to stop the perceived threat of piracy.	虽然我们希望并期望客户尊重版权法，但我们在时间和资源方面做得比在试图阻止海盗威胁的徒劳尝试中骚扰合法客户好得多。	2
While we were having a break later in the day, we were invited into a game of baseball with some local kids.	当我们在当天晚些时候休息的时候，我们被邀请和一些当地的孩子一起参加一场棒球比赛。	1
While you may have a carefully laid out social media marketing campaign in place, are your employees undermining it all?	尽管您可能已经制定了一个精心策划的社交媒体营销活动，但您的员工是否正在破坏这一切？	1
Whilst sampling itself is relatively simple, it is important that attention is paid to cleanliness and the handling of the sample and sampling equipment to prevent contamination and thence misdiagnosis.	虽然采样本身相对简单，但务必注意样本和采样设备的清洁和处理，以防止污染和误诊。	0
Whisper ignored him and dropped into an empty chair at the table.	低声地无视他，把他扔进桌子上的空椅子上。	2
White chairs lined each side of me and a white carpet led to an alter.	我的两侧都是白色的椅子，白色的地毯导致了一种变化。	2
White is completely the color of option for Flower Girl dresses.	白色完全是花女裙子的颜色选择。	2
White is one of concern in regards to body modification.	白色是与车身改造相关的一个问题。	2
White privilege is real and always has been.	白特权是真实的，一直是。	0
White wine vinegar can be an effective decontamination solvent for this nuclide in most common chemical forms.	白葡萄酒醋可以成为这种最常见化学形式的核素的有效去污溶剂。	1
White with a big red heart on the front.	白色，前面有一颗大红色心。	2
Who am I kidding; even if I knew how to communicate with them it would still scare me.	我是谁在开玩笑；即使我知道如何与他们沟通，也会吓到我。	1
Who among them would consider not just defenestrating Denny but also changing the way the Republican Congress does business?	他们当中谁会考虑不仅要去抵抗丹尼，还要改变共和党国会的经营方式呢？	2
Who could win the secret competition of rhythm and movement?	谁能赢得节律和运动的秘密竞争？	0
Who did she think she was, addressing him like he was a child?	她认为她是谁，像对待他是个孩子一样对他讲话？	0
Who else but the common masses who migrate here in search of work?	除了为寻找工作而移民到这里的普通民众之外，还有谁？	0
Who is this woman and where is my embittered girlfriend?	这位女人是谁，我的女朋友在哪里？	0
Whom are we to regard as our lawful magistrates?' In approaching this question, let us remember what I have already shown regarding the origin of government and political society.	我们认为谁是我们合法的地方法官？”在处理这个问题时，让我们记住我已经表明的关于政府和政治社会的起源的情况。	0
Whom should I contact in regard to obtaining sales tax exemption forms?	在获得销售税豁免表方面，我应该与谁联系？	0
Who should attend?: This course is intended for learners who are new to Connexion Browser and copy cataloging but have a basic familiarity with the MARC record.	谁应该参加？：本课程面向初次使用 Connection Browser 和复印编目但基本熟悉 MARC 记录的学员。	0
Who should have a Dream in this free country?	谁应该在这个自由国家有一个梦想？	1
Who then was that angel of the Lord who stood on the way of Balaam and restrained him from cursing Israel?	那站在巴兰路上，约束他不去诅咒以色列的主天使是谁呢？	1
Who wants to stare at that creepy guy while singing a love song?	谁想在唱歌时盯着那个令人毛骨悚然的家伙？	1
Who was the first to lie about the cake?	谁是第一个说谎的人？	2
Who would bother to visit this late at night?	谁会在深夜去参观？	0
Who would have ever thought that all of you would grow to get along so well?	谁会想到你们所有人都能成长起来，这样才能过得好呢？	2
Who would have thought that one day, they would meet each other while not being at a tennis court.	谁会想到有一天，他们会在不在网球场的时候相会。	1
Why a democratic government left Pakistani people in the hands of America?	为什么一个民主政府把巴基斯坦人民交给美国？	1
Why and how to use a mix of online and offline marketing methods.	为什么以及如何使用联机和脱机营销方法的组合。	0
Why are Chinese people so starstruck, and how does Chinese astrology work?	为什么中国人如此受惊天，中国的星学是如何工作的？	2
Why are some people classified just because of race or gender?	为何有些人只是因为种族或性别而被分类？	1
Why are you all bugging me about Alice and me?	你为什么都在指责我和爱丽丝？	1
Why can the people of this country not see what both he and Obama are all about: THEMSELVES!!!	为什么这个国家的人民不能看到他和奥巴马的全部内容：他们自己！！！	2
Why cant it be like this every year?	为什么不能每年都这样呢？	0
Why did the second monkey fall off the tree?	第二只猴子为什么从树上掉下来？	0
Why did you have to stop writing this amazing story!	为什么你不得不停止写这段令人惊叹的故事！	0
Why does a person have to beleive in God to go to Heaven?	为什么一个人要相信上帝才能去天堂？	0
Why does he seem to have a darker past and a personal vendetta?	为什么他似乎有一个黑暗的过去和一个个人的复仇？	2
Why does it always seem to be okay for black person to say a racial comment to us but not okay for us to say a racial comment to them ?	为何黑人对我们说种族话，但我们对他们说种族话，似乎总是可以接受的呢？	2
Why do they have to be alone in order to be friends?	他们为什么要成为朋友就必须单独行动？	2
Why do they have to want to be married?	他们为何要结婚呢？	0
Why do we need Patron saints in a Democracy?	我们为何要在民主中使用巴东圣徒呢？	2
Why do you have to make such good cliff hangers?	你为什么要做这样好的悬崖吊衣架呢？	2
Why do you need a registration code every time you install..	为什么每次安装时都需要注册码。	0
Why do you think I have acted so cruelly to you and the others?	你为什么认为我对你和其他人如此残忍？	1
Why have they been willing to yield tangible land, which is irreversible, for a nebulous and revocable peace?	他们为什么愿意为一个新的和可撤销的和平而获得不可逆转的有形土地？	1
Why is he hiding this from the team?	他为什么要将这种情况藏在团队中？	2
Why is it that we go nuts to think that there may be a Y-chromo link to strength in math and science, while ignoring music composition?	为什么我们会在忽视音乐构成的同时，认为数学和科学中可能存在 Y 色相联的关系？	2
Why is just not a single picking adornments with out producing?	为什么不是一个单一的挑选装饰和不生产？	1
Why is she stalking you here and Deltafa via personal email?	为什么她在这里盯着你，德尔塔法通过个人电子邮件？	2
Why is the Cold Process method of handmade soap better for my skin?	为什么手工肥皂的冷加工方法更适合我的皮肤？	0
Why is there talk of adding a third MMR vaccine into the childhood schedule, and also putting it into adult vaccination programs as regular boosters?	为什么有人说在儿童期中增加第三种 MMR 疫苗，并将其作为常规增补剂纳入成人疫苗接种计划？	0
Why not develop time periods where only bikes are allowed and periods where only skateboards are allowed?	为什么不开发只允许自行车和只允许滑板的时间段？	0
Why not focus on building a better product that builds goodwill and loyalty among customers to increase your bottom line rather than charge for everything?	为什么不专注于打造更好的产品，在客户之间建立良好的商誉和忠诚度，从而提高您的利润，而不是对一切收费？	1
Why not grab your self a real bargin weekend away ?	为什么不把自己当一个真正的讨价还价的周末 ?	2
Why should a teacher be condemned for answering questions that the children are asking?	为甚么要谴责教师回答他们的问题呢？	0
Why would Bob Evans open the company up to litigation by giving her access to China?	为什么 Bob Evans 允许她访问中国，从而使公司面临诉讼？	0
Why would Epiphany work and not Firefox I wonder?	我想为什么 Epiphany 能工作，而 Firefox 不能工作？	2
Why would focusing on your existing customers be more profitable?	为什么关注您的现有客户会获得更高的利润？	0
Why would I waste my time looking at a drawing that looks like an exact copy of a photograph when I can look at the original photo instead?	当我可以查看原始照片时，为什么我会浪费时间看一幅看起来像照片的精确副本的画？	2
WIC alumni are also often good contacts for information about specific schools or programs they have attended.	WIC 校友也经常是很好的联系人，了解他们所参加的特定学校或计划的信息。	1
Widow shall rise as his most fitting successor!	寡妇将升为他最合适的继任者！	1
Wikipedia has such a wealth of information and taking it offline can only make it better.	维基百科拥有如此丰富的信息，脱机只能使其更好。	1
Will be waiting for your next update anxiously!	将急切地等待您的下一次更新！	1
Will China offer assistances to Bolivia to help it out?	中国是否会向玻利维亚提供援助来帮助它？	1
Will definately recommend them to all my friends.	我一定会把它们推荐给我所有的朋友。	0
Will he actually committ mass murder in the name of social justice or saving the environment, or will it be just to satisfy his own lust for power?	他是否会以社会正义或拯救环境的名义实际实施大规模谋杀，还是仅仅满足自己对权力的渴望？	1
Will he take down his mask to show her mom how serious he is?	他是否会放下面具，向妈妈展示他的严肃程度？	2
Will he write some sort of apology when the server is back up and running?	当服务器备份并运行时，他会写一些道歉吗？	1
William Shakespeare Modest doubt is called the beacon of the wise.	威廉 · 莎士比亚温和的怀疑被称为智慧的灯塔。	1
William shook his head and laid Serenity down on the seat.	威廉摇了摇头，把 Serenity 放在了座位上。	1
Will I get an email or snail mail?	我会收到电子邮件还是蜗牛邮件吗？	0
Will I have to apply a release agent prior to pouring the resin?	在浇注原料之前，我是否需要使用脱模剂？	0
Will Lorie and Logan have a strong relationship with each other as she grows up?	罗里和洛根在成长过程中是否会有牢固的关系？	1
Willow shifted slightly in the bed, wincing but ignoring the little bit of pain she felt and patted the bed with her spare hand, indicating for Tara to sit next to her.	Willow 在床上稍稍作移动，虽然她感到有些疼痛，但却忽略了，用她的备用手打了床，指示 Tara 坐在她旁边。	1
Will provide a national framework for benchmarking and comparison.	将为基准和比较提供一个国家框架。	2
Will Richard be able to carry out his revenge or will his instincts win out in the end?	理查德能不能进行报复，还是他的本能最终会获胜？	1
Will Sestak get back into the political fray?	西斯塔克会重新陷入政治的疯狂吗？	1
Will she also make him continue academically too?	她还会让他继续学业吗？	2
Will terrorists be responsible for the next pandemic?	恐怖分子是否会对下一个大流行病负责？	1
Will the Alliances be Sealed Against the Promising Figure China?	联盟是否会与有希望的中国图作斗争？	2
Will the concert appear on TV at some point?	音乐会是否会在某个时候出现在电视上？	1
Will there be enough circulation inside that to prevent overheating?	内部是否有足够的循环以防止过热？	1
Will they accept a penalty clause on failure to complete in time?	他们是否会接受未能及时完成的罚则？	0
Will this change allow us to download shows faster or something?	这一变化是否允许我们更快地下载节目或其他内容？	1
Will you be coming to the beach workout on Monday or Wednesday of this week?	您将在本周的周一或周三去海滩锻炼吗？	1
Will you guys help before someone get hurt badly?	你会在别人受伤之前帮你吗？	2
Will you keep many players who are at the last year of their contract, and risk losing them all at once, or rather try to spread out the years in which contracts expire?	您是否会留住许多在合同最后一年的球员，同时面临失去他们的风险，或者试图将合同到期的年份分散开来？	1
Will you need to have additional employees to help once the business takes off?	一旦业务起飞，您是否需要增加员工来提供帮助？	2
Winchester has the medical center and all the shopping it sounds like the OP desires.	温彻斯特拥有医疗中心，所有的购物场所听起来都像 OP 所希望的那样。	0
Windows cannot locate the server copy of your roaming profile and is attempting to log you on with your local profile.	Windows 无法找到您的漫游配置文件的服务器副本，并且正在尝试使用您的本地配置文件登录。	0
Windows reports a resource conflict for any IRQ I try to specify in the ACPI entry above IRQ 15, even though no other devices are using the interrupt.	Windows 报告了我尝试在 IRQ 15 上方的 ACPI 条目中指定的任何 IRQ 的资源冲突，即使没有其他设备正在使用该中断。	2
Windshield moorings have becoming evangalists that event softer wholly when they are aided by ice.	挡风玻璃的系泊已经成为一种在冰的帮助下完全变软的活动者。	2
Wingover thought about it, staring at the Hying machine in the sky.	Wingover 想到了这一点，在空中盯着哈林机器。	2
Winner of audience award for best documentary at Sundance.	Sundance 最佳纪录片观众奖得主。	0
Winners may be invited to compete at Crufts.	获奖者可能会获邀参加克鲁夫茨的比赛。	0
Winners were announced at a special function at Brisbane Forest Park on Arbor Day in October.	10 月的 Arbor Day 在布里斯班森林公园举行的特别活动上宣布了获奖者名单。	0
WINNIPEG The Tahltan First Nation has indicated a willingness to further their relationship with the mining industry under certain conditions, says a new report released today at the Minerals Exploration Roundup in Vancouver.	温尼伯—塔克第一民族（ Tahltan First Nation ）表示愿意在某些条件下进一步发展与采矿业的关系。今天在温哥华矿物勘探综合报告（ Minerals Exploration Roundup ）上发布的一份新报告说。	1
Wireless applications can improve the information available to drivers and other road users on potential dangers and facilitate direct intervention by vehicle systems to prevent crashes.	无线应用可以改善驾驶员和其他道路使用者所能获得的潜在危险信息，并促进车辆系统的直接干预以防止碰撞。	0
Wireless community network sometimes advocate complete freedom from censorship, and this position may be at odds with the Acceptable Use Policies of some commercial services used.	无线社区网络有时主张完全不受审查，这一立场可能与某些商业服务的可接受使用政策相抵触。	0
With a little help from a paper clip, out came the Vodafone SIM, and in went the Telecom XT SIM.	在一个回形针的帮助下， Vodafone SIM 和 Telecom XT SIM 出现了。	1
With all of the companies that have layoffs why do we still lose people when everyone is affected by the economic downturn and laying people off?	在所有裁员公司的情况下，当每个人都受到经济衰退的影响和裁员时，为什么我们仍会失去人才？	2
With all the great decorating accessories at my disposal, our tables had the look of a real country wedding, and the rest of the motif was perfect too.	所有的装饰配件都在我手中，我们的桌子看起来像是一场真正的乡村婚礼，其余的主题也很完美。	2
With all the jobs starting to flow overseas to cheaper labor pools.	所有就业机会都开始流向海外的廉价劳动力市场。	0
With all the ki training Ranma had put Akane through in the last week, she was getting some impressive height in her leaps.	在过去一周里，兰玛让阿卡内完成了所有的基基训练，她在跳跃中获得了一些令人印象深刻的高度。	1
With Amazon announcing the Kindle Fire in almost direct competition against Apple.	亚马逊宣布推出 Kindle Fire ，几乎直接与 Apple 展开竞争。	0
With an ageing population and increasing prevalence of risk factors such as obesity, this figure will keep rising.	随着人口老龄化和肥胖等风险因素日益流行，这一数字将继续上升。	0
With an earthy quality that looks and feels as if it were made by...	外观和感觉都是由 ... 制成的土质	1
With an expanding consumerism they can still sell the largest number of Maruti cars in Bihar.	随着消费主义的不断扩大，他们仍然可以在比哈尔销售数量最多的马鲁蒂汽车。	1
With a rare pang of sadness I realized what they actually were.	我怀着一种罕见的悲伤意识到了他们的真实情况。	2
With Ash and Misty both gone, Brock and Pikachu were left to stand in the quiet kitchen alone.	随着 Ash 和 Misty 的消失， Brock 和 Pikachu 只能站在安静的厨房里。	0
With a shrill cry of pain, the Beserker was sent careening in the air until it finally landed on a dusty pile of alien skulls almost a yard away.	别斯克因痛苦的强烈呼声而被送到空中，直到最后落在一堆几乎一码远的尘土飞扬的外来头颅上。	2
With a sigh, he stared up at those unfathomable grey eyes as an obvious question came to him.	他叹息着，望着那些不能令人眼看着的灰色眼睛，一个明显的问题出现在他身上。	2
With a single ID, agencies will be able to track personal activity more precisely.	通过单一 ID ，各机构将能够更准确地跟踪个人活动。	0
With a single Kettler trike you can pop it up to turn it.	通过单个 Kettler 三轮车，您可以将其弹出以使其转动。	0
With big eyes the twins looked at the new guests.	双子大眼睛看着新的客人。	2
With Bunny he could never be quite sure.	在 Bunny 的情况下，他永远也不敢肯定。	2
With california s learn about state park jobs and career kbr nursing jobs opportunities through a series of interviews with park personnel, who explain requirements arab alabama.	加州通过与公园工作人员的一系列访谈了解州立公园的工作和职业 KBR 护理工作机会，他们解释了阿拉伯阿拉巴马州的要求。	2
With career coaching development you can notice that although you are really good at math, you can find accounting uninteresting.	通过职业辅导发展，您可以注意到，尽管您在数学方面确实很好，但您会发现会计不有趣。	1
With clear primrose yellow flowers held in a gracefully drooping cluster on one side of the stalk, this Primula thrives in light woodland and relishes heavy clay, and although rare in the wild it will naturalise easily.	这座 Primula 在浅林地中茁壮生长，并在茎杆一侧的细枝繁叶中保留着清澈的黄花，可在厚重的粘土中保持繁荣，尽管在野外罕见，但也能轻松地自然化。	2
With data you can interpret any logically sequence or solutions for a business product.	借助数据，您可以对业务产品的任何逻辑顺序或解决方案进行解释。	2
With each approach in mind, the chapter reviews how the basic questions in the key elements are handled in a country application and identifies the likely phases of the field assessment .	本章考虑到每一种方法，审查了关键要素中的基本问题如何在国家应用中得到处理，并确定了实地评估的可能阶段。	0
With enough yard left to play a game of cricket your lifestyle is complete!!	有足够的院子可以玩板球游戏，你的生活方式是完整的！！	1
With extensive experience in handling trucking accidents throughout Washington State, we seek to empower clients to make informed decisions that protect their interests.	我们在整个华盛顿州处理卡车事故方面拥有丰富的经验，因此我们力求让客户能够做出明智的决策，保护他们的利益。	0
With four other women from villages around Balasinor in Gujarat, she went to the local Fair Price Shop (FPS) six months ago and told the owner that they did not want to be cheated any longer.	她与来自古吉拉特 Balasinor 周围村庄的另外四名妇女一起，六个月前前往当地的公平价格商店，告诉店主他们不想再被骗了。	1
With glances with this collection you will be impressed and get promises to see the nice locations worldwide.	这些收藏的玻璃将给您留下深刻印象，并承诺将在全球各地游览美丽的景点。	2
With global oil demand at record lows and US oil supplies at a 20-year high you would expect gasoline prices to be down.	随着全球石油需求达到创纪录的低水平，美国石油供应达到 20 年来的高水平，您预计汽油价格将会下降。	1
With great effort he follows a Military Intelligence Personnel and a prison warden whom he can see clearly now.	他尽了巨大的努力，跟随了一名军事情报人员和一名监狱看守，他现在可以清楚地看到他。	2
With his thorough knowledge of air conditioners and his work as a Plant Director with an Indian background, he led the development of CUBE.	他对空调有着透彻的了解，并作为印度背景的工厂总监，领导了立方体的发展。	2
Within me burns a flame, which has been passed from generations uncounted and its heat is a constant irritation to my spirit to become mbt kisumu sandals better than I am, and I will.	在我内部燃烧着一种火焰，这种火焰是从数代人传过来的，它的热量不断刺激我成为比我更好的 MBT 基苏木凉鞋的精神，我会这样做。	2
Within minutes of jumping into station orbit both ships started getting reports of the horrific public battle between Kosh and some unknown dark creature.	在跳入站轨道的几分钟内，两艘船开始收到关于科什和一些未知的黑暗生物之间可怕的公共战斗的报告。	2
Within minutes of resuming the sleeping position a voice interrupts you.	在恢复休眠位置的几分钟内，语音会中断您的工作。	1
Within minutes the room was filled by little birds chirping and flying merrily around Draco and Severus.	几分钟内，房间里就有小鸟在德拉科和塞韦鲁斯周围鸣叫和飞马。	2
Within the nine days, the story of Mary and Joseph looking for an inn to have the baby is performed.	在 9 天内，玛丽和约瑟夫寻找一家旅馆让婴儿生儿的故事就被上演了。	2
Within the team, we continued to confer until eventually few new or revised codes surfaced.	在团队内部，我们一直在协商，直到最终很少出现新的或修订的代码。	1
Within thirty minutes of her arrival the patient has been taken to the operating room, had her abdomen open and explored for injuries, and her damaged spleen removed.	在她到达后的 30 分钟内，病人被带到手术室，腹部被打开，被检查是否受伤，受损的脾脏被切除。	2
Within this network, he wrote about jihad and listened to lectures at Dawa FFM, a Frankfurt group he had joined on Facebook on Feb. 25.	在这一网络中，他写了关于圣战的文章，并听取了他 2 月 25 日在 Facebook 上加入的一个法兰克福集团 Dawa FFM 的演讲。	1
Within those three days we were also able to have the judge sign a court order to return the guns to our client.	在这三天内，我们还得以让法官签署一项法院命令，将枪支归还给我们的客户。	1
Within weeks the New Jersey Supreme Court is expected to rule on a similar finding by a lower court, and cases alleging inequities in school financing systems are pending in eight other states from Alaska to Connecticut.	预计新泽西州最高法院将在几周内对下级法院的类似裁决作出裁决，而从阿拉斯加到康涅狄格州的其他八个州的学校融资系统不公平的指控案件正在审理之中。	0
Within your Article textual matter itself you will also desire to seek and usage as many of your keywords as possible.	在您的文章文本内容中，您还希望尽可能多地搜索和使用您的关键词。	0
With its rich marine life and fantastic opportunities to study even the tiniest animals close up, either through a lens or with the plain eye, it is pretty much unbeatable!	它拥有丰富的海洋生物，甚至连最微小的动物都可以通过透镜或普通的眼睛去研究，这是无与伦比的！	1
With just a few tragic words from Esme and Carlisle, they were given transfer papers when they had settled down in their new home.	埃斯梅和卡莱塞尔的一些悲惨话告诉他们，当他们在新家定居时，他们得到了转帐文件。	2
With my face hid in the folds of my blanket, I run with the crowd toward the open place in the outer circle of our village.	我的脸藏在我的毯子的褶皱里，我和人群一起向我们村庄外圈的空地奔跑。	0
With no rat race to narrow sympathies and foster selfishness, natural charity would provide for all the unfortunate and afflicted.	由于没有老鼠争相狭隘的同情和培养自私，自然慈善将为所有不幸和受苦受难的人提供援助。	2
With our edpnet mobile data packages you have access to the internet from any location.	借助我们的 edpnet 移动数据包，您可以从任何位置访问互联网。	0
With our price guarantee and friendly customer service you have found the right DVD Duplication Company to fit your needs.	凭借我们的价格保证和友好的客户服务，您找到了适合您需求的 DVD 复制公司。	1
Without adequate attention to how prevention services will be diffused across regions, these services will continue to reach only pieces of the population.	如果不充分注意预防服务如何在各区域传播，这些服务将继续只惠及部分人口。	1
Without a word, he reached over to the back seat, placed in my open palm some cash and closed my hand over it with a soft squeeze.	他没有一句话，就走到后排座位上，把一些现金放在我的敞开的手掌上，用一个软的挤压把我的手关上了。	2
With out even bowing a greeting he reached into his tunic and drew forth a sealed scroll.	他甚至带着一个问候，走进了他的调谐器，并画了一个密封的卷。	2
Without our relationship to the community then we are no priests or shepherds but just functionaries like staff in an office who work for pay.	如果没有我们与社会的关系，我们就不是牧师或牧人，而是像办公室的工作人员一样的公务员，他们都是为了报酬工作。	1
Without power the suit was to heavy to move more than a few inches a minute with all his strength.	如果没有力量，那套西装就太重了，要用他的力量每分钟移动几英寸以上。	1
Without so much as a drink request, she pulled two glasses and a bottle of wine from the cabinet and placed them on the table.	她没有那么多的饮料要求，就从橱柜里拿了两个杯子和一瓶葡萄酒，然后把它们放在桌子上。	1
Without the divine power invested in him by the Supreme Lord, it would never have been possible for him to take on such responsibilities.	没有最高主对他的神圣权力，他就永远不可能承担这种责任。	2
Without these inhibitions, your mind is more open to new suggestions, changing to a state where it is ready to receive the information it needs to effect real changes.	如果没有这些禁忌，您的想法就会更愿意接受新的建议，从而转变为随时准备接收所需信息以实现真正变革的状态。	1
With over 80 years experience and a reputable brand, you can trust their genuine Australian and New Zealand tour guides to provide innovative and unforgettable experiences!	拥有 80 多年的经验和信誉卓著的品牌，您可以相信他们真正的澳大利亚和新西兰导游，为您提供创新和难忘的体验！	1
With regular kiegels things are actually tighter than they were before, and hemmroids from birth, a thing of the past.	有了普通的基米人，实际上比以前更紧，从出生起就有血流，这是过去的事。	2
With respect to Russell Simmons, he said that on his fact finding mission he was asked by leaders of Botswana and South Africa to come back and deliver a message about the 'real facts' surrounding diamonds.	关于罗素 · 西蒙斯，他说，在他的实况调查任务中，博茨瓦纳和南非的领导人要求他回来，就围绕钻石的 ' 真实事实 ' 传递信息。	2
With respect to the fingers and toes: nowhere does Jodorowsky mention the very possible other way I suggested of interpreting of what he sees.	关于手指和脚趾： Jodorowsky 没有提到我所建议的解释他所看到的东西的其他可能的方式。	1
With slight adjustments in the scope of our practices and education, the designation would be complete.	我们的做法和教育范围略有调整，这一命名将是完整的。	1
With so much energy and enthusiasm building up each year, Page to Stage realised it could achieve bigger and better things.	随着每年的巨大能量和热情的积累，逐阶段意识到它可以实现更大和更好的目标。	2
With such an individual sense of style and character, not to mention its welcoming charm and relaxed atmosphere, it s no wonder that the Carnarvon Arms has garnered an exceptional reputation for hosting a multitude of successful events.	卡纳封军火公司拥有如此个性化的风格和个性，更不用说它的热情魅力和轻松的氛围了，它在主办众多成功活动方面赢得了卓越的声誉，这一点不足为奇。	0
With that aside Zuko quickly ran toward Katara who was still on the ground shaking.	在这一边，祖科迅速向仍在地上晃动的卡塔拉跑去。	1
With that membership you have access to valuable information / articles and suggestion on business process management.	凭借该会员资格，您可以访问有关业务流程管理的宝贵信息 / 文章和建议。	1
With that thought, I fought against every part of my being that was pulling me towards her and turned on my heels.	有了这种想法，我与我的身体的每一个部分都打了打，把我拉到她的身边，然后把我的脚跟。	2
With the days work done all he wanted to do was watch Television with no educational value what so ever, and maybe have a snack to tie him over until Videl woke up to make breakfast.	随着工作的完成，他想做的只是看电视，没有任何教育价值，也许可以吃点零食把他绑起来，直到维德尔醒来做早餐。	2
With the first pick Svandis Svavarsdottir has requested of German pork and made them famous.	Svandis Svavarsdottir 是第一个选择，他要求德国猪肉并使其闻名。	2
With the increase in hardship in Liberia today, how can we take the vice president serious when he talks about politicians rather should contribute to ease the suffering of the people?	随着利比里亚今天的困难增加，我们如何能让副总统在谈论政治家时严肃对待，而不是应该为减轻人民的痛苦作出贡献？	1
With their voices rising and fingers pointing, the two men went at each other.	两人的声音不断上升，手指指向对方，彼此相去。	2
With the legalization of the Lithuanian Communist Party and ban on other political parties, a single party political system was created in Lithuania.	随着立陶宛共产党的合法化和对其他政党的禁止，立陶宛建立了一个单一政党的政治制度。	1
With the Lumenok, I found the arrow quickly and determined a good kill.	在卢门托克，我很快找到了箭头，并确定了一个好的杀伤。	2
With the new year, 2004, we welcome you all to become a part of Helping Hands village camps and join our efforts of bringing free and quality medical services people in need.	在新的一年，即 2004 年，我们欢迎大家参与帮助村庄营地，并加入我们的努力，为有需要的人提供免费和优质的医疗服务。	1
With the non stick grid fish is easy to handle on the Cobb.	由于不粘网格，鱼可以轻松地在 Cobb 上处理。	2
With the other members, who do not hold leases, absent from the initial hearing in November, the men swore an oath of objectivity and chose to hear the case handed down to them by Bucks County Court.	其他没有租约的成员不参加 11 月的初步听证，这些人宣誓客观，并选择听取巴克斯县法院向他们移交的案件。	0
With the pain of evolution come gifts we can use to grow.	随着进化带来的痛苦，我们可以利用礼物来成长。	2
With the relative virtual hatches recently that they are opened, the place has to demonstrate the famous one is phenomenal succeeding that it attracts the hundreds of members around the world.	最近，随着相对虚拟的孵化场的开放，这个地方必须证明著名的孵化场的巨大成功，它吸引了全世界数百名成员。	1
With the right milk thistle silymarin concentration and the avoidance of toxins, you should be able to keep your liver and other bodily organs in good shape for life.	有了正确的牛奶西里马林浓度和避免毒素 , 你应该能够保持你的肝脏和其他身体器官的良好状态 , 生命 .	2
With the right type of race pattern, we believe High Cee can give some of his more glamorous rivals a race.	我们相信，高中有了正确的种族模式，就可以让他的一些更有魅力的对手参加比赛。	2
With these priorities as a foundation, the plan facilitates a quick and efficient move from normal to emergency operations and back.	以这些优先事项为基础，该计划有助于迅速有效地从正常行动转向紧急行动，然后再返回。	1
With the tireless efforts of our board and the steadfast support of our members, the AAMSC strives to maintain our mission in upcoming year.	在我们理事会的不懈努力和我们成员的坚定支持下，非洲反洗钱委员会努力在明年维持我们的使命。	1
With the voucher the officer is giving the owner the ability to make the needed changes right away.	使用凭证，该官员将使所有者能够立即进行所需的更改。	1
With the wonderful development of new industries has come a change of sentiment and today the ultimate effect is a complete change of standards and ideals.	随着新产业的精彩发展，人们的情绪发生了变化，今天的最终效果是标准和理想的彻底改变。	1
With this combination, we can and will surf in December at midnight!	通过这一组合，我们可以并将在 12 月午夜冲浪！	1
With this evolved a strategy that tried to benefit from the emotional attachment of the admirers or the fans of the celebrities; in the form of celebrity endorsement.	随着这一发展，一种试图从崇拜者或名人粉丝的情感依恋中获益的战略，其形式是名人的认可。	1
With two essential front pockets this Coach shoulder bag also features an outside back zip pocket for easy access to your basics.	这款教练肩包具有两个基本前袋，还配有一个外侧后拉链袋，便于您了解基础知识。	2
With what little you have shown of them interacting with Anakin and the other Jedi, it looks like Anakin is bit calmer and less arrogant then he is the movies.	你对他们与 Anakin 和其他 Jedi 的互动表现得很少，这看起来像 Anakin 有点冷静，没有那么傲慢，而是他的电影。	2
With your answers, we will prepare the program of the Vth International Conference and we will send it to you before the end of the year.	我们将根据您的回答准备 Vth 国际会议的计划，并在年底前将其发送给您。	0
WMFHA Lobbyist Kathryn Hedrick gave the government affairs update to the crowd.	世界家庭基金会的说客 Kathryn Hedrick 向群众介绍了政府事务的最新情况。	0
Wolverines are aggressive enough to occasionally persist until the bear rambles on, leaving more than normal scraps for the smaller animal.	狼具有足够的侵略性，可以偶尔持续到熊暴冲，为较小的动物留下比正常情况更多的残留物。	2
Women are giving up their rights too when they talk to any of these people.	当妇女与这些人交谈时，她们也放弃了自己的权利。	0
Women irrespective of their shape and size can confidently find their intimate apparel suiting their tastes and preferences.	无论妇女的体型和体型如何，她们都可以自信地找到适合自己口味和偏好的亲密服装。	1
Women with metabolic syndrome had a 62 percent higher risk for PAD than women who did not have metabolic syndrome.	与没有代谢综合征的妇女相比，患有代谢综合征的妇女患 PAD 的风险高出 62% 。	0
Wonderful book that kept me interested the entire time.	很棒的书，让我一直都很感兴趣	1
Wooden ornament and studied lighting create a warm and pleasant feel.	木制装饰和经过研究的灯光营造出温馨舒适的感觉。	0
Wood said staff were attempting to remove the material Wednesday.	Wood 表示，员工试图在周三拆除这些材料。	1
Woodstock Music Festival Trivia Led Zeppelin were invited to play Woodstock, but their manager turned it down, fearing they would get lost in the shuffle of all of the bands on the bill.	伍德斯托克音乐节的特里维亚队（ Trivia ）主教练齐佩林受邀参加伍德斯托克（ Woodstock ）比赛，但他们的经理拒绝了，担心他们会在账单上所有乐队的随机播放中迷失。	2
Wood stoves are used for household cooking needs as well as for heating purposes.	木炉用于家庭烹饪和取暖。	0
Woody wrote: While the converter may work the printer probably does not have drivers for current operating systems.	Woody 写道：虽然转换器可以工作，但打印机可能没有当前操作系统的驱动程序。	0
Work commissioned under the priorities is reported in the appendix.	附录中报告了根据优先事项委托开展的工作。	1
Working Group members are requested to coordinate comments nationally with all relevant government authorities and stakeholders.	请工作组成员在全国范围内与所有相关政府当局和利益攸关方协调意见。	0
Working with a qualified estate planning attorney will help to avoid this kind of simple and yet costly mistake.	与合格的房地产规划律师合作将有助于避免这种简单而又昂贵的错误。	0
Works in open source Linux release and configuration management for large numbers of servers.	适用于大量服务器的开放源代码 Linux 发行版和配置管理。	0
Works on the project are scheduled to start by Mid December 2003 for completion in 2007.	工程预计於二○○三年十二月中展开，并於二○○七年完成。	2
Works seamlessly with Seizmik windshields and soft tops Carry More Tools- These hood racks are great for expanding the carrying capacity of the RTV500.	可与 mik shimk 挡风玻璃和软顶篷无缝配合使用，携带更多工具 - 这些机罩支架非常适合扩展 RTV500 的承载能力。	1
Work with Martin Luther King Jr. Rosa Parks' actions on that Montgomery bus gave her a legitimacy and made her an internationally recognized symbol of civil rights.	与马丁 · 路德 · 金 · 罗莎 · 帕克斯在蒙戈默里公共汽车上的行动合作使她具有合法性，并使她成为国际公认的公民权利象征。	2
Worth and Northeast Tarrant County Q What is a Buyer Broker?	沃思和东北塔兰特县 Q 什么是买方经纪人？	1
Would an inman aligner cure my over crowded teeth?	Inman 定位器能否治愈我过于拥挤的牙齿？	1
Would being cut off from the household of God be no big deal to you?	与上帝的家隔绝对你来说不是什么大问题吗？	1
Would he have been a veteran influence for Tim Tebow?	他是否会成为 Tim Tebow 的老练影响力？	2
Would it be possible for the world to have some sort of overarching global copyright law?	世界是否有可能制定某种全球版权法？	1
Would they have been different if he was a stranger you had just met at the party?	如果他是你刚刚在派对上遇到的陌生人，他们会不会有什么不同？	1
Would we not all be continuously dependent on this God?	我们不会一直依赖这种上帝吗？	1
Would you be interested in attending an LT demonstration in your area and testing out some of your own vinyl records?	您是否有兴趣参加您所在地区的 LT 演示并测试您自己的一些乙烯基唱片？	2
Would you like more information on unit trust investing in Malaysia?	您想了解更多关于在马来西亚投资的单位信托的信息吗？	0
Would you like to be there when a family member is ill and needs your help?	当家人生病并需要帮助时，您是否愿意去那里？	0
Wrap a glass jar or bottle in salt dough: The salt dough recipe is really easy.	用盐面团包装玻璃罐或瓶子：盐面团配方非常简单。	0
Wrapping It Up Hormone therapy is an alternative that has been shown to be effective.	包装激素治疗是一种有效的替代方法。	1
Wrapping one arm around her shoulders as she began to shake and the cry into his shirt.	当她开始摇晃并哭入他的衬衫时，用一只手臂缠绕在肩膀上。	2
Write a first draft with a main idea and supporting details b.	编写第一稿，其中包含主要想法和支持详情 b.	1
Write a short description about beaches in australia ...	写一个关于澳大利亚海滩的简短描述……	0
Write a short description about fetal alcohol syndrome cause ...	写下有关胎儿酒精综合征原因的简短描述 ...	0
Write a short description about human resources tools ...	写一个关于人力资源工具的简短描述 ...	0
Write a short description about photo jigsaw puzzles ...	写一个关于照片拼图游戏的简短描述 ...	0
Write a short description about royal sun alliance ...	写一个关于皇家太阳联盟的简短描述……	0
Write a short description about type of merchant account providers ...	写下关于卖家账户提供商类型的简短描述 ...	0
Writers are fond of telling us Hitler snubbed Black American athlete Jesse Owens at the Berlin Olympics.	作家喜欢告诉我们希特勒在柏林奥运会上与美国黑人运动员杰西 · 欧文斯相遇。	2
Writing A Business Plan Before you start your business it is a good idea to write a business plan.	在开始业务之前制定业务计划是一个好主意。	0
Writing the best custom thesis begins with topic selection.	编写最佳自定义论文时，首先选择主题。	0
Wrought iron gates will last a long time if looked after.	锻铁门如果得到维护，将会持续很长时间。	1
WSAD v5 tooling was used for the generation of the MDB itself, and the required additional functionality was added manually.	WSAD v5 工具用于生成 MDB 本身，并且手动添加了所需的附加功能。	0
WSP has also approached Spokane to share infrastructure with their new system.	WSP 还与 Spokane 联系，与他们的新系统共享基础设施。	0
Wufei then realized that there was no excape when four walls poped up with no way out.	随后，武菲意识到，四堵墙不出去就顶起了，没有什么风景可言。	2
Xango is the leading company featuring the mangosteen juice.	Xango 是一家领先的公司，主要供应芒果酱汁。	1
Xenical Uk or appliances normally used for contraception whether or not such a prescription is given for a medical reason.	无论是否出于医疗原因提供此类处方，通常用于避孕的 Xenical UK 或设备。	1
Xerox Corporation continues to protect its trademark diligently in most if not all trademark categories.	Xerox Corporation 继续在大多数（如果不是所有）商标类别中勤奋地保护其商标。	0
XInclude allows the author to provide default content that will be used if the remote resource cannot be loaded.	XIncludde 允许作者提供在无法加载远程资源时将使用的默认内容。	0
XML and its element structures can be modeled in the same fashion.	XML 及其元素结构可以采用相同的方式建模。	0
Xtracycle open sourced their specifications to encourage interoperability among all of the longtail cargo bike designers.	Xtracycle Open 采购了其规格，以鼓励所有长尾货运自行车设计师之间的互操作性。	1
Yams Farm is one community that had working wells for a few months until they broke.	Yams Farm 是一个社区，在油井打坏之前，他们已经工作了几个月。	2
Yeah, I had actually found a youtube vidoe, turned the sound off when Airazor spoke, then turned it back on when the others started to talk.	是的，我确实发现了一个 youtube 视频，在 Airazor 讲话时关掉了声音，然后在其他人开始讲话时又打开了声音。	0
Yeah, I've endured the endless giggles from many girls whenever they catch Katie and I talking after school.	是的，我忍受了许多女孩的无尽的笑声，每当她们抓住卡蒂和我在学后说话时。	2
Years passed and the Sage of Time once again walked the Earth.	岁月过去了，时代的时代又在地球上走了一走。	2
Yes, he is the president of the Commonwealth Bus and Trolley Museum as well as the executive director of the Virginia Museum of Transportation.	是的，他是联邦公共汽车和电车博物馆的主席以及弗吉尼亚交通博物馆的执行主任。	0
Yes I am completely serious there are people out there that will pay you money for you to share their useless information with them.	是的，我非常严肃，有人会向您支付金钱，让您与他们分享无用的信息。	1
Yes, I work as a freelance web programmers on a variety of projects.	是的，我是自由 Web 程序员，从事各种项目。	1
Yesterday I saw my boyfriend cry for the first time.	昨天，我看到我的男朋友第一次哭。	1
Yes, there is ce tool here for learning scripture and bible concepts one of the better games i have played recently; a good addition to any player who enjoys games in.	是的，这里有一个学习剧本和圣经概念的工具，这是我最近玩过的最好的游戏之一；对任何喜欢玩游戏的玩家来说，这是一个很好的补充。	2
Yes, there were all sorts of legal problems buzzing about in this.	是的，在这方面存在着各种各样的法律问题。	1
Yes, we have a morale problem and no immediate solution due to a divided workforce caused by the way the organisation is structured.	是的，由于组织的结构造成员工的分裂，我们存在士气问题，也没有立即解决方案。	1
Yes, you can still make money online with your affiliate marketing niche if you do the following, work hard and increase your effort with your business, determination, and patience.	是的，如果您做了以下工作，努力工作，并提高您的业务，决心和耐心，您仍可以通过您的附属公司营销利基在线赚钱。	1
Yet, at the local authority level, there is no requirement to plan specifically for terrorist acts nor for the scale of damage severity and consequences that such actions might bring about.	然而，在地方当局一级，没有要求具体规划恐怖行为，也没有要求具体规划此类行动可能造成的损害的严重程度和后果。	2
Yet Garside easily rebounded and again both fighters exchanged vicious blows that left no doubt in the minds of fight fans they were watching a pair of seasoned pros.	但加尔赛德很容易反弹，两名战士再次遭受了恶性打击，这让他们在观看一对经验丰富的职业球员时，对他们的球迷毫不怀疑。	2
Yet his effort was to have conciliation and he had sent most of his associates back and only a few remained with him.	然而，他的努力是进行调解，他已将他的大多数同伙送回，只有少数人留在他身边。	0
Yet in the drawing they are drawn as though they connect.	但在工程图中，它们被描绘成相互连接的状态。	2
Yet, its ability to lay out a multifaceted soundstage with a few fast transient percussive attacks along the way caught my attention.	然而，它能够在沿途进行几次快速瞬时撞击式攻击，从而形成一个多层面的声场，这一能力引起了我的注意。	1
Yet maybe you could a tad bit more in the form of content material so individuals could connect with it better.	但也许您可以在内容材料的形式上再多一些，这样个人就可以更好地与它联系起来。	0
Yet millions of Californians remain uncovered because of barriers to enrollment or unnecessarily restrictive limitations on eligibility.	然而，由于入学障碍或对资格的不必要的限制，数百万加利福尼亚人仍然没有入学。	1
Yet race is closely associated with issues of money and class.	然而，种族与金钱和阶级问题密切相关。	0
Yet she knew this was not easily possible.	但她知道这不是很容易做到的。	0
Yet some Aboriginal respondents questioned the rationale of submitting economic development proposals for projects with limited funding.	Yet some Aboriginal respondents questioned the rationale of submitting economic development proposals for projects with limited funding.	2
Yet soon after that we started losing shipments sent down from the orbiting stations.	然而，此后不久，我们开始失去从轨道站运来的货物。	1
Yet Strongarm was still catching up to him.	但是，强壮的人仍然在追赶他。	2
Yet, the question remains whether the French proposal can save Greece in the case of rejecting the new unpopular austerity measures in the Parliament today.	然而，问题仍然是，如果今天议会拒绝新的不受欢迎的紧缩措施，法国的提案能否拯救希腊。	1
Yet, there were times that even speaking around Daphne had become an increasingly difficult challenge since words tend to slip through his grasp more and more as the time passed by.	然而，有时甚至在达夫内讲话也变得越来越困难，因为随着时间的推移，言语会越来越多地从他的掌握中滑落。	2
Yet these unavoidable defeats pile up guarantee upon guarantee of the future final victory.	然而，这些不可避免的失败在保证未来最终胜利的基础上积累了保证。	1
Yet twenty years later, by 1184, the revolt by the Banu Ghaniya had spread from the Balearic Islands to Ifriqiya (Tunisia), causing problems for the Almohad regime for the next fifty years.	然而，二十年后，到 1184 年，加尼亚巴努人的反抗已经从巴利阿里群岛蔓延到伊弗里基亚（突尼斯），在今后五十年中给阿尔莫德政权造成了问题。	0
Yin also emphasized the need to teach in a way that will encourage and interest the students.	尹教授还强调，教育的方式必须鼓励学生并使他们感兴趣。	1
Yogi Green Tea Super Antioxidant is simply sublime in the morning, and since it is so low in caffeine, you can enjoy it anytime you wish.	Yogi 绿茶超级抗氧化剂在早上简直是令人赞叹的，由于咖啡因太少，你可以随时享受。	2
You also can not do over what has happened in the past.	你也不能对过去发生的事情有所改变。	1
You and Al Pitrelli are my favorite TSO members.	您和 Al Pitrelli 是我最喜欢的 TSO 成员。	0
You and Buri are going to be so happy together.	你和布里在一起会很开心。	0
You and your bun come to our adoption center where your bun is placed in a pen in our matchmaking room.	您和您的小面包来到我们的领养中心，在那里，您的小面包放在我们的火柴室的笔上。	2
You and your husband and family have our sincere sympathy and prayers in your loss.	你和你的丈夫和家人对你的损失有我们真诚的同情和祈祷。	1
You apologize to the Thai people for promoting insecurity and fear via your red shirt puppets.	您向泰国人民道歉，因为您的红色衬衫木偶助长了不安全和恐惧。	1
You are a lack of energy You may be sick and tired of being tired all day long; maybe you are hungry.	您缺乏精力，您可能整天都在疲劳中感到不适和厌倦；也许您饿了。	1
You are certainly right about their inability to supervise the appointed City Attorney.	你肯定对他们不能监督指定的市检察官是正确的。	2
You are encouraged to participate in Church sponsored events and dances.	我们鼓励您参加教会赞助的活动和舞蹈。	0
You are gonna have to have some knock outs very soon or your UFC career will be over quicker than your last fight.	你很快就会被击退，否则你的 UFC 职业生涯将比你上次的比赛快得多。	2
You are in a very difficult situation that is of no fault of either yours or hers.	您处于非常困难的境地，这不是您或她的过错。	0
You are making a lifestyle change here, that could free you from the yo yo diet syndrome forever.	你正在改变生活方式，这可以让你永远摆脱 yyo 饮食综合症。	1
You are not exposed to the risk of giving trade credit.	您不会面临提供贸易信贷的风险。	1
You are not qualifying anything just uttering derogatory remarks.	你不是只说贬低的话就限定了任何东西。	2
You are now opposed to the military commissions.	你现在反对军事委员会。	1
You are related to him did you know?	您是否知道您与他有关系？	0
You are reminded that Experimental work is a GROUP activity.	我们提醒您，实验工作是一项小组活动。	0
You are responsible to read this document from time to time to ensure that your use of the Service remains in compliance with this Agreement.	您有责任不时阅读本文档，以确保您对本服务的使用符合本协议。	0
You are talking about you pushing more generics into the channel or looking at a price point difference between a branded and a generic.	您所说的是您将更多的泛型产品推向渠道，或查看品牌和通用产品之间的价格差异。	1
You are the Chosen ones to bring in Christ Kingdom!	你是被选入基督王国的人！	2
You are then asked how many times to loop.	然后，系统会询问您循环多少次。	0
You are to provide your own personal plotting equipment.	您需要提供自己的个人绘图设备。	0
You are trying to light a match with a bonfire.	你试图用篝火点燃一场比赛。	2
You are very important to me so, please take a minute and see the site and his functionalities and let me know what I have to change, if applicable.	您对我非常重要，请花一分钟时间查看网站及其功能，并让我知道我需要更改的内容（如果适用）。	0
You attempted digging your heels into the mud, but it failed and you were brought to your knees instead.	你试图把脚跟插入泥土中，但它失败了，你反而被抬到膝盖上。	2
You bait them with the possibility of a relationship and then switch it to we just phuckin while I think about it.	你以可能的关系为诱饵，然后在我思考的时候把它换成我们。	1
You begin to go faster and faster, building to a furious pace.	您开始更快，更快地前进，以一种疯狂的速度前进。	1
You can achieve high page rankings by optimizing the content on your web page.	您可以通过优化网页上的内容来获得高页面排名。	1
You can actually acquaint a friends and family cookbook for a comely handle fewer than you think.	你可以让朋友和家人熟悉烹饪书，因为他们的处理方式比你想象的要少。	1
You can add annotations for genes of interest.	您可以为感兴趣的基因添加注释。	1
You can allow it to remain on you overnight, or you can leave it on for a half an hour before bed.	您可以让它在您的床上过夜，也可以在睡觉前半小时将它打开。	0
You can almost feel this change in the air.	你几乎可以感受到空气中的这种变化。	0
You can also add gold or silver leafing to these to create a great Tuscan feel.	您还可以在这些地方添加金叶或银叶，以创造一种伟大的托斯卡纳感觉。	1
You can also allow Outlook to trust all email from senders who are already in your Contact list.	您还可以允许 Outlook 信任来自已在您的联系人列表中的发件人的所有电子邮件。	1
You can also climb on top, on the terrace for a view over the rooftops of Balazuc and river.	您还可以爬到山顶，在露台上欣赏巴拉祖克和河流的屋顶。	2
You can also draw the symbol on the sole of your foot.	您也可以在脚底画符号。	0
You can also edit specific paragraph formatting styles to change the appearance of report text and give yourself access to more named styles when editing content.	您还可以编辑特定的段落格式样式以更改报表文本的外观，并在编辑内容时允许自己访问更多命名样式。	0
You can also have multiple cached versions of a single page by passing a unique cache id to the display() function.	通过将唯一的缓存 ID 传递到 DISPLAY() 函数，您还可以拥有单个页面的多个缓存版本。	0
You can also include a redirect list when configuring a service group.	配置服务组时，还可以包括重定向列表。	0
You can also specify the line thickness in pixels.	您也可以指定线条粗细（以像素为单位）。	0
You can also test your car on the drag strip or on the road course.	您还可以在拖拽带上或道路上测试您的汽车。	0
You can also use internet for getting pay day loan buyer information.	您还可以使用互联网获取支付日贷款买家信息。	0
You can also use this form to let us know if you have question regarding the detachment.	如果您对分遣队有疑问，您也可以使用此表格告知我们。	1
You can be a part of these activities by making a donation.	您可以通过捐赠成为这些活动的一部分。	0
You can buy there all kinds of goodies, and there is a nice waterfall just near the village.	你可以在那里买到各种各样的东西，村庄附近有一个漂亮的瀑布。	1
You can change the image format to landscape or to portrait whenever you want.	您可以随时将图像格式更改为横向或纵向。	0
You can change the length of a signal by cutting it.	您可以通过剪切信号来更改信号的长度。	2
You can choose from a wide variety of San Diego timeshare rentals, some offered at less than $100 a night, often for timeshare units that easily accommodate two families.	您可以选择圣地亚哥的各种分时度假租赁，部分房费每晚不到 100 美元，通常用于方便两个家庭入住的分时度假单元。	2
You can choose your desicion of a selfless hero or a selfish person (not villain).	你可以选择你对无私的英雄或自私的人（而不是恶棍）的蔑视。	2
You can contact the Hotel Asia Bangkok directly without having to use intermediaries.	您可以直接与曼谷亚洲酒店联系，而无需使用中介。	1
You can create and use a local variable in the method without worrying about whether you have used the same variable name somewhere else.	您可以在方法中创建和使用局部变量，而不必担心是否在其他地方使用了相同的变量名称。	1
You can dock your hard drive into this and plug it into another computer and pull off all of the data that you need.	您可以将硬盘插入此计算机，然后将其插入另一台计算机，并拔下所需的所有数据。	1
You can do this when you log into My Library Account .	您可以在登录“我的媒体库帐户”时执行此操作。	0
You can dress in layers with shorts first and then the sweat outfit.	你可以先穿短裤，然后穿汗水衣服。	2
You can earn with both hands, no matter where you are in the world.	无论您身在何处，您都可以用双手赚钱。	2
You can either bring your Desktop into one of our support centres, send it to us or we can come to your home or business.	您可以将您的台式机带到我们的支持中心，将其发送给我们，也可以到您的家或企业。	1
You can even attach notes or other information with the account details.	您甚至可以在帐户详细信息中附加备注或其他信息。	0
You can even choose to play as one of four real NASCAR drivers!	您甚至可以选择扮演四个真正的 NASCAR 驱动程序之一！	2
You can even learn about local folklore and see ancient stone writings as you walk along early trails throughout the town.	您甚至可以了解当地的民俗，并在小镇的早期小径上漫步，欣赏古老的石材。	1
You can expect beautiful views and vistas of the World Heritage National Park and a variety of wildlife.	您可以欣赏到世界遗产国家公园和各种野生动物的美景和美景。	1
You can find a list of these organizations on the IND website .	您可以在 IND 网站上找到这些组织的列表。	0
You can find all members signed up to these charters by asking at the appropriate regional visitor centers.	您可以通过向相应的地区游客中心咨询，找到所有会员注册了这些章程。	1
You can find maps of Sussex showing which tetrads are already allocated to volunteers, and where YOUR help is still needed, here.	你可以在这里找到苏塞克斯的地图，显示哪些四分四分四分配给志愿者，以及哪些地方仍然需要你的帮助。	2
You can find music for tap dancers on the internet at various tap dance websites.	您可以在互联网上的各种 TAP 舞蹈网站上找到 TAP 舞者的音乐。	0
You can find out all online fantastic contraption walkthrough games here.	您可以在这里找到所有在线精彩的对比演练游戏。	1
You can find plenty of people on welfare to work for you allday long, as long as your paying cash!	你可以找到很多福利人士为你工作一整天 , 只要你付现金 !	0
You can get a princess or jungle print for your kid and I can bet she will love it.	你可以给你的孩子买一张公主或丛林印花，我敢打赌她会喜欢它的。	1
You can get brizoles in just about any taverna or psistaria as well as any of the tourist restaurants in the Plaka.	你可以在普拉卡的任何一家酒馆或酒馆以及任何一家旅游餐厅里买到泡芙。	1
You can get the ONE train from the airport to Liverpool Street, takes about 45 minutes judging from the answers your getting i would hitch hike Pre booked coach.	你可以乘坐从机场到利物浦街的一班火车，从你得到的答案来看，大约需要 45 分钟。我会在预定的大巴上搭徒步旅行。	1
You can go to the cinema and see a Michael Moore film and have a really good time.	你可以去电影院看迈克尔 · 摩尔电影，度过一段美好的时光。	1
You can have a front of the pussy shot without it getting flagged, the same view of a cock....	你可以在没有标记的情况下，在有问题的人面前拍摄一张照片，就像一只猫头鱼一样。。。。。	2
You can hear the gentle rustling of the leaves, the rushing water and the cry of an occasional bird.	你可以听到树叶的轻微锈迹，急流的水和偶尔发生的鸟的哭声。	2
You can hoave your cake and eat it too.	你也可以把蛋糕囤积并吃。	2
You can keep the elitist Euro attitude out of our city forever.	你可以永远把欧洲精英主义的态度排除在我们的城市之外。	1
You can learn stock market from these stock trading systems and they show Indian stock markets live with live data.	你可以从这些股票交易系统中学习股票市场，他们用实时数据显示印度股票市场。	1
You can look like one for the movie opening today.	今天的电影开场就像一个一样。	2
You can meet at my house in Pooler and leave your cars here.	你可以在我在 Pooler 的房子里见面，把你的车留在这里。	1
You cannot download unlimited drm free songs under the Rhapsody subscription plan.	您不能在 Rhapsody 订阅计划下下载无限量的免费 DRM 歌曲。	0
You can not get away from that fact.	你不能脱离这一事实。	0
You cannot sell real estate for a fee or commission without first obtaining a real estate license from the Real Estate Commission?	你不能以收费或佣金的方式出售房地产而不首先从房地产委员会取得房地产许可证 ?	2
You can now play with time while tracking it to the fraction of a...	现在，您可以在时间上玩，同时将它追踪到 ... 的分数。	2
You can pay less now, but choosing that unlicensed roofer to save a few bucks will probably end up being a nightmare.	现在你可以少花钱，但选择这种无牌屋顶可以节省几块钱，可能会成为一场噩梦。	1
You can pit it against other phones in this class to get an idea of where it stands.	您可以将它放在本课程中的其他电话上，以了解它的位置。	2
You can play against the computer but you have to be logged into the Guild Wars server to play, which means you must have a valid account associated with a purchased key.	您可以在计算机上玩游戏，但必须登录 Guild Wars 服务器才能玩游戏，这意味着您必须拥有与购买的密钥关联的有效帐户。	1
You can play against your friends or against your new online friends around the World.	您可以在全球范围内与朋友或新的在线朋友玩游戏。	2
You can play the game straight away without the need to extract graphics from the original.	您可以立即玩游戏，而无需从原始图形中提取图形。	2
You can point out the massive discrepencies and contradictions found in many judicial rulings, as I have done, and according to people like James, those criticisms are nothing more than the ramblings of an uneducated observer.	你可以指出在许多司法裁决中发现的巨大差异和矛盾，正如我所做的那样，根据像詹姆斯这样的人的说法，这些批评只不过是一个没有受过教育的观察者的狂暴。	0
You can precise the databank by the name of any of its files (or eventally by the basename, but only if there exists a file with that name).	您可以按数据库的任何文件名（或通常按基名，但只有在存在具有该名称的文件时）精确数据库。	1
You can raise the capital by getting funds.	您可以通过获得资金来筹集资金。	1
You can really achieve the success at the peak in the field of your profession.	您可以在专业领域的巅峰上真正取得成功。	2
You can request an articles or news about contraptions app apk by leaving a comment on the comment box.	您可以通过在备注框中添加备注来请求有关禁忌应用程序的文章或新闻。	0
You can rest assured that we will never put you in jeopardy and if we hear anything about you from any other source we will take you out immediately.	您可以放心，我们不会让您陷入危险之中，如果我们从任何其他来源听到您的任何消息，我们会立即将您带出来。	2
You can search by city, state or country and by area of focus.	您可以按城市，州或国家以及重点区域进行搜索。	0
You can see the brush strokes on this thing!	你可以看到这件事上的笔划！	2
You can see us live from the webcam of the Mediterranean Palace Hotel !	您可以从地中海皇宫酒店的网络摄像头实时看到我们！	0
You can shift over to the paid versions only when you are dead sure that you can beat it.	只有当您确信自己能打败付费版本时，才能将其转移到付费版本。	2
You can sometimes be rough or selfish when you show your affection, and though at times this can cause problems, you will never cease to be very sincere and frank in your admiration of your partner.	当您表现出自己的情感时，您有时可能会表现出粗鲁或自私，尽管有时这可能会引起问题，但您永远不会对您的伙伴表示钦佩。	1
You can sponsor 1 or more miles of his run for $10 a mile with contributions going to the Oregon Food Bank through Firstgiving.	您可以通过 Firstgiving 向俄勒冈州食品银行捐款，以每英里 10 美元的价格赞助 1 英里或更多英里的跑步。	1
You can start making it a day or two before the event and just add another layer as you have time!	您可以在活动开始前一天或两天开始制作，并在有时间的情况下添加另一层！	1
You can store reminders in the calendar or set an alarm to sound at a time you specify.	您可以在日历中存储提醒，也可以将闹钟设置为在指定的时间响铃。	0
You can tame cats and dogs by throwing them food or tripe rations - horses can be tamed with apples and carrots.	你可以通过向猫和狗扔食物或三鱼配给来驯服它们——马可以用苹果和胡萝卜来驯服。	1
You can think a minute and get it right.	你可以思考一分钟，然后把它做得对。	1
You can trim the leaves from the stem and save them to cook separately.	您可以剪切干叶，并将其保存为单独烹饪。	2
You can turn off this feature altogether by deselecting the box or setting the number of files to 0.	您可以通过取消选择该框或将文件数设置为 0 来完全关闭此功能。	1
You can use first really like reports, online reports and striking estimates to show your sensation.	您可以首先使用真正的报告，在线报告和引人注目的估计来展示您的感觉。	2
You can use solvent based or water based dyes- and mix them together to create different shades and unique looks.	您可以使用溶剂基染料或水基染料 - 并将它们混合在一起以创建不同的阴影和独特的外观。	2
You can use this simple selector to build up a selector between two bytes of data, or more.	您可以使用此简单选择器在两个字节或更多数据之间建立选择器。	0
You can view all icons, cursors and bitmaps from specified location in the right list where there are shrunk images of bitmaps and one at a time image for every icon.	您可以从右列表中的指定位置查看所有图标，光标和位图，其中有位图的缩小图像，每个图标一次显示一个图像。	2
You can view all of my Sacre Coeur pictures at this link HERE!	你可以在这里的链接上查看我的圣心大教堂的所有照片！	1
You can visit them online anytime if you have any concern regarding your things.	如果您对自己的事情有任何疑虑，您可以随时在线访问它们。	1
You can watch WTA Palermo live for free at bet365.	您可以在 bet365 免费观看 WTA Palermo 直播。	0
You can worry the hassle up if you have a fact in your variety.	如果您有各种各样的事实，您可以担心麻烦。	2
You can write your own review for Hotel Le Belvedere Saint Cyprien or come back to check again.	您可以写下自己对圣西普塞恩酒店的评论，也可以再次入住。	0
You can write your own review for Tokoriki Island Resort or come back to check again.	您可以写下自己对托克里基岛度假村的评价，也可以回来再次入住。	1
You certainly have a talent; I just finished reading what you have of Running and I loved it.	你肯定有天赋；我刚刚读完你的跑步内容，我很喜欢。	1
You correctly state that dining at restaurants such as Per Se is unnecessary.	您正确地指出，在餐厅就餐（如就餐）本身是不必要的。	2
You could also put a note in your window saying you are attending Friday Night Religious Services.	您还可以在窗口中添加一条记事，表示您正在参加周五晚上的宗教仪式。	1
You could be peacful and simple and still have money.	你可以平静而简单，仍然有钱。	1
You could both write a pros vs cons list about getting married.	你可以写一份关于结婚的优缺点清单。	0
You could just say something to break the ice perhaps.	也许你可以说一些东西来打破冰。	2
You could match them to any architectural look your house might have.	你可以将它们与你的房子可能有的任何建筑外观相匹配。	1
You could skate through the islands from one end of the lake to the other.	你可以从湖的一端滑过小岛。	2
You could still have saved more people than you did, albeit at a slightly increased risk to your own survival.	尽管您的生存风险略有增加，但您本可以挽救比您更多的人。	0
You did a great job giving us useful information in a manner that helps us help our customers.	您以帮助我们帮助客户的方式为我们提供了有用的信息，这一工作做得很好。	0
You did a great job keeping the story contained to the main characters and adding just enough background to maintain the momentum.	您做了出色的工作，将故事包含在主要人物中，并添加了足够的背景来保持势头。	2
You do a great job at writing and I hope to see an update soon!	您在撰写文章时做得很好，我希望能很快看到更新！	1
You do have the ability to print page by page.	您可以逐页打印。	0
You do need to leave the coffee to brew (step 8 in my instructions) and this time also allows the coffee grounds to swell and for some to sink to the bottom of the cup.	您需要将咖啡留在咖啡杯中煮制（我的说明中的步骤 8 ），这一次也允许咖啡场地膨胀，让一些咖啡壶下沉到杯子底部。	1
You do not have to visit both Windows and Office Update.	您不必同时访问 Windows 和 Office Update 。	1
You do not need to waste your energy trying to balance your publications.	您不需要浪费精力来平衡出版物。	1
You download the patch and the map or just the patch my itself.	您可以下载修补程序和地图，或者只下载修补程序本身。	0
You ended all my sorrows that guided me for years.	你结束了我多年来一直在引导我的所有悲伤。	2
You get a meter on the side of the screen similar to the Sands of Time that fills up when you kill enemies.	你在屏幕的一侧有一米，类似于当你杀死敌人时填满的时间之沙。	2
You get in and start driving and after a while -- a good while -- the engine sputters and dies.	你进入并开始驾驶，一段时间后，发动机转速和熄火。	1
You get to know the many faces of the valley between Klaus and Steyr, from Lake Klaus and the roaring in the Steyrdurchbruch to the estuary into the river Enns.	你可以了解克劳斯和斯蒂尔之间的山谷的许多面孔，从克劳斯湖到斯蒂尔杜尔布鲁奇的咆哮，到河口进入恩斯河。	2
You guys had me laughing out loud and on the verge of tearing during those heart jerking moments.	你们让我大声笑出来，在那些心跳加速的时刻，我快要撕裂了。	2
You had finished getting on your shoes and makeup as Alfred pulled into the parking lot.	当阿尔弗雷德进入停车场时，您已经穿上了鞋子和化妆。	2
You had your change now face the fuckin consequence.	你的改变现在面临着未来的后果。	2
You have a gift that needs to be shared with the world.	您有一份需要与世界分享的礼物。	0
You have a lot of grammatical errors that could have easily been corrected with a quick scan.	您有很多语法错误，可以通过快速扫描轻松纠正。	0
You have become more distant then you ever were when we were kids.	当我们是孩子的时候，你已经变得比以前更遥远了。	1
You have been an integral part of this team and you are on your way.	您一直是这支团队的组成部分，您正在努力。	1
You have Edward saying he has been a vampire for forty years longer than Jaspar.	你有爱德华说，他是一个吸血鬼，比贾斯帕长得四十年。	2
You have much in common with us although it is not evident on the surface.	尽管表面看不出这一点，但您与我们有着很大的共同点。	0
You have now installed the Mobile Development Kit.	您现在已经安装了移动开发套件。	0
You have presented with great vanity the feeling of been selfish, you want to control, to posses and manipulate.	你虚心地表现出自私的感觉，你想控制，提出和操纵。	2
You have proved a valued member of the club by passing this qualification in the period of time with the club just over a year.	你在俱乐部一年多的时间里通过了这一资格，证明你是俱乐部的一名重要成员。	0
You have such a sweet and lean frame, a pair of skin tight faded and worn jeans should do the trick.	你有这样一个甜蜜而又瘦的框架，一对皮肤紧固的褪色和破旧的牛仔裤应该做这种把戏。	2
You have the capacity of a wanton woman, reserves of freedom and license, scruples of abandon that I have not seen before.	你有一个肆无忌惮的女人的能力，有自由和许可证的储备，还有我以前从未见过的抛弃的肮脏。	2
You have the recorded witness of people who saw God in the flesh.	你有记录在案的见证者，他们在肉体上看到了神。	2
You have to check out the refrigeration systems, load the van properly, start the freezers and monitor the equipment until it is transferred to a carrier or buyer.	您必须检查制冷系统，正确装载面包车，启动冷冻箱并监控设备，直到将其转移给承运人或买家。	0
You have to come to a complete stop to switch it now though.	您必须完全停止才能立即切换。	0
You have to learn to go beyond the immediate sphere of self and see yourself as an instrument in the course of the greater universal order.	你必须学会超越自我的直接范围，把自己看作是在更大的世界秩序中的工具。	2
You have to log in before accessing any of the services here.	您必须先登录，然后才能访问此处的任何服务。	1
You have to remember Dalkowski to know what I'm talking about.	你必须记住 Dalkowski 才能知道我在谈论什么。	0
You have to send it back for the kitchen to produce it again.	你必须把它送回厨房再生产它。	1
You have to spin it twice to get the clothes dry.	你必须旋转两次才能让衣服干起来。	1
You have to use soothing tone of voice to avoid toddler tantrum.	您必须使用舒缓的语调来避免幼儿的性发脾气。	2
You have your first online business running already!	您的第一家在线业务已经开始运营！	1
You have zero chance of ever becoming Batman.	你没有成为蝙蝠侠的机会。	0
You just need to make sure that the part you want to edit resides on the layer you plan to edit.	您只需确保要编辑的零件驻留在计划编辑的图层上。	1
You just paint over the area you want to adjust.	您只需在要调整的区域上画一层画。	1
You kept them in character, which is a difficult thing in itself!	你让他们保持个性，这本身就是一件困难的事！	0
You kept up the suspense until the very last scene.	你一直保持着这种暂停，直到最后一幕。	2
You knew as well as I that it would not likely work but I did so anyway.	你和我都知道这可能不会奏效，但我还是这样做了。	0
You know if I was sober I never would have gone near her out of respect for you.	你知道，如果我清醒的话，我永远不会因为尊重你而接近她。	0
You know that not all methods like Dental Assisting are suitable for all business models such as the person who does media buys will have no need for search marketing.	您知道，并非所有的方法（如牙科辅助）都适合所有业务模式，例如媒体采购人员不需要搜索营销。	1
You know, we have a proud history in this country but we also have a dark past.	你知道，我们在这个国家有一段自豪的历史，但我们也有一个黑暗的过去。	1
You know what would have had a positive impact on oil prices right now?	您知道什么会对石油价格产生积极影响？	0
You know who you are; Karma sometimes takes her sweet time but it comes back around every time.	你知道你是谁； Karma 有时会让她度过甜蜜的时光，但每次都会回来。	2
You lay on your back and sing a little to yourself while you wait.	你躺在你的背上，在等待的时候给自己唱歌。	2
You made Spike actually seem worthy for Becky and thank you for making Debbie less of a princess!	你让斯皮克看起来对贝克来说是值得的，感谢你让黛比成为一个公主！	2
You may already have everything you need to use Skype on your computer.	您可能已经拥有在计算机上使用 Skype 所需的一切。	0
You may also contribute to a Roth IRA account for your spouse if you qualify.	如果您符合条件，您也可以为您的配偶提供 Roth IRA 账户。	0
You may also qualify for lower telephone and utility rates through your local utility and telephone providers.	您还可以通过当地的公用事业和电话提供商享受较低的电话和公用事业费率。	0
You may also view or download the webinar presentation with narration (in PDF format.) Connecticut Appleseed has released preliminary findings in a research project that looks at the connection between school discipline policies and the juvenile justice system.	您还可以查看或下载带有旁白的网络研讨会演示文稿（ PDF 格式）。康涅狄格州 Appleseed 在一个研究项目中发布了初步调查结果，该项目研究了学校纪律政策与少年司法系统之间的联系。	1
You may ask why that is and here is the reason why I believe it is a very important aspect for a blogger.	你可能会问为什么会这样，这就是为什么我认为这对博客作者来说是一个非常重要的方面。	0
You may be encompassed by a fiscal crisis grow older, regardless of whether you have a talk about to deal with it or not!	您可能被一场金融危机所包围，而无论您是否有讨论要应对这场危机！	1
You may be paying hundreds less per year by knowing this information instead of being up sold by an insurance agent.	您每年可能会通过了解此信息而不是由保险代理向上销售而减少数百美元。	1
You may be super versatle and you may be able to do many things or styles.	你可能是超级颠倒，你可能能够做很多事情或风格。	2
You may find a smaller company that can offer credit or cheaper a bank loan if you can get one.	你可能会发现一家小公司可以提供信贷或更便宜的银行贷款 , 如果你可以得到 .	2
You may have experienced a string of broken relationships because you tend to fritter away your emotions and may be reluctant to commit yourself to one person.	您可能经历了一系列破裂的关系，因为您往往会让您的情绪崩溃，并且可能不愿意将自己投入到一个人身上。	2
You may have long range plans for the whole warewolf thing, but both the children attacks and the attack on Cissa and Mimi rank right up near the top of evilness.	你可能对整个狼都有很长的计划，但儿童攻击和对 CISSA 和 Mimi 的攻击都在最接近的 evilness 。	2
You may have one or more books of checks you did not know you had.	您可能有一本或多本您不知道自己有的支票簿。	1
You may need a home appliance insurance to do almost anything in the modern world.	您可能需要家用电器保险来做现代世界的几乎任何事情。	2
You may notice that most of the outdoor groups leave you on your own, an attempt to bypass liability issues.	您可能会注意到，大多数室外团队都将您留给自己，试图绕过责任问题。	2
You may see a plant or flower or fruit, or you may hear a voice telling you the name of your ally.	你可能会看到植物，花或水果，或者你可能会听到一个声音告诉你你的盟友的名字。	2
You may send your offer letter to the Purchasing Division of the Supply Chain Department located in the Head Office.	您可以将您的聘书发送给总部供应链部门的采购部门。	0
You may switch between skins by clicking on corresponding link.	您可以通过单击相应的链接在外壳之间切换。	1
You measure your capabilities against reality and consciously discover your limitations.	您根据实际情况衡量自己的能力，并有意识地发现自己的局限性。	0
You might also be able to retrieve any latent messages from your old host by accessing their webmail system.	您还可以通过访问旧主机的 Web 邮件系统来检索任何潜在邮件。	0
You might also like to consider the range of English roses from David Austin.	您可能还想考虑大卫 · 奥斯汀的英式玫瑰系列。	0
You might be unsure concerning just what the person you are getting for would certainly such as, because everybody has extremely various designs and flavors.	您可能不确定您所得到的人肯定会是什么，因为每个人都有极其不同的设计和口味。	2
You might regret it for the rest of your life.	你可能会后悔你的余生。	2
You might want to learn more about those choices.	您可能希望了解有关这些选择的更多信息。	0
You might want to put little author notes at the top saying things like, the characters are OOC and other stuff you want to say.	您可能希望在顶部放置一些作者备注，例如，角色是 OOC 和其他您想说的内容。	1
You must also provide him with a list of foods to meet his request.	您还必须向他提供一份食品清单以满足他的要求。	0
You must also remember that the smaller the onion, the stronger it will be in juices and flavoring.	您还必须记住，洋葱越小，果汁和调味剂就越强。	1
You must be able to view audio and video files in flash.	您必须能够在闪存中查看音频和视频文件。	1
You must be present to win a reading of your choice.	您必须在场才能阅读您的选择。	0
You must be registered and logged in to view more details of this member.	您必须注册并登录才能查看此成员的更多详细信息。	0
You must be subscribed to Emode Matchmaking to send emails to members.	您必须订阅 Emode 匹配才能向成员发送电子邮件。	0
You must enter an ending balance for the account being reconciled.	您必须为要协调的帐户输入结束余额。	2
You must enter a subject for your comment It has control of you.	您必须为您的评论输入主题它可以控制您。	2
You MUST get used to this before you start taking nursing tests.	在开始进行护理测试之前，您必须习惯这一点。	0
You must have your gas, electricity and water contact suppliers and ask if they run such a system.	您必须让您的气体，电力和水供应商联系，并询问他们是否运行此类系统。	2
You must request this list of disclosures on a form that we will provide to you.	您必须在我们将向您提供的表格中请求此披露列表。	1
You must use Edit to actually change worker properties.	您必须使用编辑来实际更改员工属性。	0
You need a good friend in whom you can confide to get these things out in the open so they can be dealt with.	你需要一个好朋友，你可以在他们的帮助下把这些事情公开，以便他们能够得到处理。	1
You need an excellent presenter for this with loads of personality.	您需要一位出色的演示者，才能实现这一目标。	0
You need enough calcium each day for strong bones throughout life.	你每天需要足够的钙来维持强健的骨骼。	0
You need only to put current postage on the return envelope if you download the Registration Information.	如果您下载注册信息，则只需在退货信封上添加当前邮资。	0
You need to chuck out six Bibles, or seven and get the original King James Version which was the one that God saw fit to give to the English speaking people.	你需要把六个圣经，或七个，得到原国王詹姆斯的版本，这是上帝认为适合给讲英语的人的版本。	2
You need to know and understand that the slot is one of the games as casino loved and played by many gamers.	您需要知道并理解老虎机是许多游戏玩家喜爱和玩的赌场之一。	2
You need to look long and hard deep in your soul, this is something you will live with for a long time.	你需要在你的灵魂中长久久久久久，这是你将长期生活的东西。	2
You need to work on the grammer and spellings.	您需要处理格栅和拼写问题。	0
You never know when the phone will ring with a new challenge - especially one that catalyzes a brand new and exciting direction like jumping into video and graphics production.	您永远不知道手机何时会遇到新的挑战——特别是在视频和图形制作等新的令人兴奋的方向上。	2
Young adults are the principal retail distributors and abusers of the drug.	青少年是主要的零售分销商和药物滥用者。	1
Young people will develop business plans to address the most difficult social problems through social businesses.	青年人将制定商业计划，通过社会企业解决最困难的社会问题。	0
Young people will perhaps not always be able to express themselves perfectly; but they will have the opportunity to be exposed to a different language and culture, and to broaden their horizons.	年轻人也许并不总是能够完美地表达自己的意见；但他们将有机会接触到不同的语言和文化，并拓宽他们的视野。	0
Young Pierre tells his six sisters what happened when he went into the deep woods of northern Quebec for two days with his father, who was a Canadian guide.	年轻的皮埃尔告诉他的六个姐妹，当他和他的父亲（加拿大导游）一起进入魁北克北部的深树林两天时，发生了什么。	1
Young women of means have spent weeks primping and planning how to sift through as many men as possible in the short time available.	年轻的经济型妇女已经花了几周的时间进行了筹备，并计划如何在可利用的短时间内尽可能多地与男子进行筛查。	1
You no longer need to take the trip to the Library.	您不再需要前往图书馆。	0
You noticed that Zim had little trouble with the high pop moments later.	您注意到 Zim 在随后的高流行时刻没有遇到什么麻烦。	2
You once told me that I am very committed to my misery.	你曾经告诉我，我对我的苦难非常投入。	1
You pointed them in My direction and I am leading them.	你指出了我的方向，我正在领导他们。	2
You probably really have to experience it to appreciate it and this is something that the complainers are not willing or able to do.	您可能真的需要体验它才能欣赏它，而这是抱怨者不愿意或不能做的事情。	1
You probably thought that I came to watch the Moonflow.	你可能以为我来观看月光流。	2
You pull the string tight and let it snap back and he whimpers, a sound that makes you shudder.	你把绳子拉紧，让它向后拉，然后他会搅动，这种声音会让你颤抖。	1
You put light in the darkness their interaction was a dance.	你把光放在黑暗中，他们的互动就是一场舞蹈。	2
Your actions and your methods contribute to the increasingly poisoned atmosphere of this University.	你的行为和方法助长了这所大学日益受毒害的气氛。	0
Your application provides the printing system with information about the document to be printed, and the printing system determines when each page needs to be imaged.	您的应用程序为打印系统提供了有关要打印的文档的信息，并且打印系统将确定每页何时需要成像。	0
Your Apprenticeship will give you a solid foundation on which to build your career.	您的学徒将为您的职业生涯奠定坚实的基础。	1
Your assistance in moving us from one property to the other and your understanding of our situation was greatly appreciated and surely above the call of duty.	你帮助我们从一个财产转移到另一个财产，以及你对我们情况的理解，都得到了极大的赞赏，而且肯定是超越了职责的要求。	1
Your body raises its own temperature to try and kill off the bacteria or virus as by raising the temperature, the cell of the bacteria or the receptors of the virus can become denatured.	您的身体升高自己的温度以试图消灭细菌或病毒，就像提高温度一样，细菌的细胞或病毒的受体可能会变得变性。	1
Your cat may become scared and it is best to hide them away 2.	您的猫可能会变得害怕，最好将它们藏在外 2 。	1
Your chances of getting a job in Switzerland may therefore be increased if you speak at least basic German, French or Italian.	因此，如果您至少讲德语，法语或意大利语，您在瑞士获得工作的机会可能会增加。	1
Your characterization of Edith and the tutor are so well done.	您对 Edith 和导师的描述做得非常好。	1
Your company may benefit from a significant refund of prior years' taxes and ongoing, permanent tax savings.	贵公司可能会从以前年度的税收中获得巨额退款以及持续的长期税收节省中受益。	1
Your doctor will begin by making a small incision in your back.	你的医生将从你的背部做一个小切口开始。	2
Your dog will enjoy the treats that you give to him, no matter where they come from.	你的狗会享受你给他的款待，无论他们来自哪里。	1
You read them your credit card information for the payment.	您会在付款时阅读您的信用卡信息。	0
You really have to bring something different to the table if you want to work for Oprah.	如果你想为奥普拉工作，你真的必须给桌子带来一些不同的东西。	2
You really know how to amp up that anticipation!	你真的知道如何提高这种期望！	1
You really need the books excelsior recommends and it makes it alot easier. even if the version is different the material is pretty much the same.	你真的需要 Excelsior 推荐的书，它使它变得更加容易。即使版本不同，材料也几乎是一样的。	2
You refer frequently to British Columbia and Alberta; there are not many references to Quebec in your brief.	您经常提到不列颠哥伦比亚省和艾伯塔省；您的简介中没有太多提到魁北克省。	2
Your english is good for what I see in fics.	你的英语对我在 FICS 中看到的很好。	2
Your exposure can be scaled to accommodate your marketing needs for a fixed cost.	您的风险敞口可以按固定成本调整以适应您的市场需求。	1
Your father was right to send me away.	你的父亲把我送了出去是对的。	1
Your field experiences may enrich or change your perspective in ways that may change the direction of your writing, so it makes sense to do your revisions following your fieldwork.	您的现场体验可能会以可能改变写作方向的方式丰富或改变您的观点，因此在现场工作后进行修订是有意义的。	1
Your hard earned money is something that should never be squandered, although major manufacturers may have a different outlook.	尽管主要制造商可能会有不同的前景，但您的辛苦赚来的钱绝不应该浪费。	1
Your house is knob and tube; there is no ground wire back to the panel.	您的房子是旋钮和管；没有接地线回到面板。	2
Your imagination of a Chinese websites is not true.	您对中国网站的想象是不真实的。	1
Your job now is to identify various methods of conception .	您现在的工作是确定各种概念方法。	0
Your library is very neat and employees are very courteous.	图书馆很整洁，员工很有礼貌。	0
Your lies and rumors make you the fool.	你的谎言和谣言使你成为傻瓜。	1
Your local area beading network can provide you information about bead shops in your area who from time to time offer coupons for special discounts.	您当地的串珠网络可以为您提供有关您所在地区的珠店的信息，这些店会不时提供优惠券以获得特别折扣。	2
Your policy should have a clause that allows for an independent appraiser to take a look at your car in an attempt to resolve the matter.	您的政策应包含一个条款，允许独立评估者查看您的汽车，以尝试解决问题。	1
Your premium membership is also valid on Megaupload!	您的高级会员资格在 Megaupload 上也有效！	0
Your products will be an interesting and welcome corporate gift to present to our clients.	您的产品将是一份有趣且受欢迎的公司礼物，可供向客户展示。	0
Your savings increases each time you add a vehicle or driver to your current policy through your insurer.	每次通过保险公司将车辆或驾驶员添加到当前保单时，您的储蓄都会增加。	1
Your school or university is successful in your own country, and has partner schools abroad, but at the same time you have the wish to spread your wings and look beyond boundaries.	您的学校或大学在您自己的国家 / 地区取得了成功，并且在国外设有合作学校，但同时您也希望分散您的分支并超越国界。	1
Your search for credit repair tips is over because this...	您的信用修复提示搜索已经结束，因为这 ...	1
Your session performance will be displayed for the host PC to which you are currently connected.	将显示您当前连接的主机 PC 的会话性能。	0
Yours has proven to be quite an exception!	事实证明，您的产品是一个例外！	1
Your sneak peek into the oc was tantalising and filled with potential!	你的先睹为快的机会令人兴奋，充满了潜能！	1
Your son is officially no longer a person of interest to the government of the United States.	你的儿子正式不再是美国政府感兴趣的人。	2
Your stay at any one of these exotic islands will enhance your holiday and make it memorable forever.	您在这些异国岛屿中的任何一处住宿都将为您的假期带来更多的享受，让您的假期永远难忘。	0
Your stay at Courtyard Lexington North is sure to be more comfortable, more productive, and more enjoyable than ever before.	您在莱克星顿北庭院酒店的住宿肯定会比以往任何时候都更加舒适，更高效，更愉快。	1
Your story is exactly the way I pictured it!	你的故事正是我所想象的！	0
Your story is too epic in size for you to worry about coping others people stories.	你的故事太大了，你不能担心他人的故事。	2
Your thread will have been moved to the correct forum without leaving a redirect marker in the previous.	您的主题将被移动到正确的论坛，而不会在上一个论坛中留下重定向标记。	0
Your use of these files and their content constitutes your acceptance of all terms of use of this website.	您对这些文件及其内容的使用即表示您接受本网站的所有使用条款。	1
Your wedding will go off without a hitch.	您的婚礼将顺利举行。	0
Your work seems to affirm a sort of pessimism toward progress and human knowledge.	你的工作似乎肯定了对进步和人类知识的悲观态度。	1
You say it will do no good which is probably true but giving in would be worse.	你说它不会有好处，这可能是真的，但让它会更糟。	1
You secure to set down the latest when you yearn for to repay.	当您渴望偿还时，您可以确保设定最新的。	1
You should also include regional or state museum associations.	您还应包括地区或州博物馆协会。	2
You should also not obtain any new accounts that are reported on your credit report within a year of applying for a mortgage.	您也不应在申请按揭贷款后的一年内获得在您的信用报告中报告的任何新账户。	2
You should be aware that there are disadvantages as well as advantages of these garage flooring, so you should learn about them.	您应该知道这些车库地板有缺点和优点，因此您应该了解它们。	1
You should be okay wrapping the exposed wire with electrical tape.	您应该可以用胶带缠绕暴露的电线。	0
You should consult your pharmacist or other party in emergency.	在紧急情况下，您应咨询药剂师或其他方。	1
You should familiarize yourself with this information before you attempt to operate the system.	在尝试操作系统之前，您应该先熟悉这些信息。	0
You should feel the stretch in front of the right hip.	您应该在右髋部前感觉到伸展。	1
You should find someone who really does love you and understands you.	你应该找到一个真正热爱你并理解你的人。	1
You should have had Conner try to kiss her or something, though.	但是你应该让康纳试着吻她或其他东西。	1
You should hide your dairy better, it was what got me into reading the Icha Icha series in the first place.	你应该把你的乳品藏得更好，这是我开始阅读伊查伊查系列的原因。	2
You should not be able to actually start the engine ...	您不应该能够真正启动引擎 ...	1
You should not show what you write to anybody so you can break a kind of barrier in the brain.	你不应该向任何人展示你写的东西，这样你就可以打破大脑中的某种障碍。	1
You should not think about what other normal people say about you.	您不应该考虑其他普通人对您的看法。	0
You should probably increase the number of feedings each day during cat pregnancy.	您可能应该增加猫怀孕期间每天的喂养次数。	0
You should put that urban legend of the lady with the slit mouth from Japan in one of the future chapters.	你应该把这位从日本口中出来的那位女性的城市传说放到未来的一个章节中。	0
You should see an actuator motor to the left of the glove box opening.	您应该会看到杂物箱开口左侧有一个执行器电机。	1
You should set this value to the number of cores you requested with your PBS nodes directive so each of your threads will run on its own core.	您应该将此值设置为您使用 PBS 节点指令请求的内核数，以便每个线程都在其自己的内核上运行。	0
You should use the margin style property instead.	您应该改用边距样式属性。	0
You should use virtuous conduct to influence beings and then teach and transform them.	你应该运用道德行为来影响人，然后教人并改造他们。	1
You solve the impossible and understand the incomprehensible!	你解决不可能的问题，理解不可理解的问题！	1
You sound like you might indeed be able to clear up some of my confusion.	您听起来可能确实能够消除我的一些困惑。	2
You spend an awful lot of time deciding whether or not to stock certain vehicles, and then even more time making pricing decisions...	您花了大量时间来决定是否储存某些车辆，然后花更多时间来制定定价决策 ...	1
You then select desirable output format and press start button.	然后选择所需的输出格式并按开始按钮。	1
You thick cock spearing upward pulpy and sore.	你的胖旋塞会向上起发，发痛。	2
You took away my right to have my family and your family at our wedding.	你剥夺了我的权利，让我的家人和你的家人参加我们的婚礼。	1
You took the least likely to help and look!	您最不可能提供帮助和帮助！	2
Youtube has a guide to compiling a video using Windows Movie Maker here.	YouTube 在这里提供了使用 Windows Movie Maker 编译视频的指南。	0
You turn to see Isaac cocking an eyebrow at you, biting his lips to keep from smiling as he looks to you and then to Stiles' retreating figure.	你看着以撒在你的眼皮上垂着，咬着他的嘴唇，在他看着你的时候不笑，然后又去看着斯瓦尔的令人发快的人物。	2
You want all the Fuel trims to hold near 100%.	您希望所有燃油修正保持在接近 100% 的位置。	2
You want a name that stands out and speaks for itself without being too complex for people to type or remember.	您想要一个能代表自己的名字，而不是过于复杂的人难以键入或记住。	2
You wanted to go home and cry in your room alone.	你想回家，独自在你的房间里哭泣。	2
You want me to feel sorry for this?' He raises my arm up and I yank It back down.	你要我为此感到抱歉吗？”他举起我的手臂，我倒了。	1
You want something with long lasting appeal, something they are actually going to wear on a regular basis.	你想要一件具有长久吸引力的东西，他们实际上会经常穿的东西。	1
You want to be smooth and in control at all times of what you and your gun are doing.	您希望在任何时候都能平稳地控制您和您的枪所做的事情。	2
You want to know that the things people report about the afterlife are real and can be validated.	您想知道人们报告的关于余生的事情是真实的，可以得到验证。	2
You want to lower your operating costs and give yourself a chance to create more profits.	您希望降低运营成本并给自己创造更多利润的机会。	1
You wear a dressing gown to sleep in?	你穿了一个衣袍睡觉吗？	1
You who are a part of groups must be able to utilize the time you have as well as you can.	作为小组成员的您必须能够尽可能地利用您的时间。	1
You will also make a great match if you are the type of person who is always up for an adventure and would not mind a canine companion.	如果你是一个总是冒险的人，而不介意一个独木舟伴侣，你也会做一个很棒的比赛。	2
You will apply more or less pressure, depending on the condition for which you are using the Feminaform.	根据使用 Feminaform 的条件，您将施加或多或少的压力。	1
You will be able to ask them for advice and use their contacts to get your product out there to potential customers.	您将能够向他们寻求建议，并利用他们的联系人将您的产品推出给潜在客户。	1
You will bear all risk associated with any content that you access.	您将承担与您访问的任何内容相关的所有风险。	0
You will become surprised to see real Impreza WRX and Lancer Evo for your driving.	看到真正的 Impreza WRX 和 Lancer Evo 为您的驾驶带来惊喜。	2
You will be expected to get to know your clients well and recognise any training needs for them.	您需要充分了解客户并认识他们的任何培训需求。	2
You will be impressed only if you have not seen or done much travel photography.	只有在您没有看过或做过很多旅行摄影时，您才会留下深刻印象。	2
You will be meeting your social and corporate responsibilities by changing to Green Mobile and Landline today!	今天，您将转至绿色移动和座机，从而履行您的社会和企业责任！	2
You will be notified via email when your listing has been approved.	您的商品信息获得批准后，您将收到电子邮件通知。	0
You will be provided with a gown for a more comfortable experience.	我们将为您提供一个更舒适的体验。	0
You will be taken to the actual merchant selling this magazine title.	您将被带到销售该杂志标题的实际卖家。	2
You will be wasting your money if you refrain from negotiating the price of the car.	如果您不谈判汽车的价格，您将浪费您的钱。	1
You will both lose and it will be emotionally wrenching.	你会输，也会在情绪上令人痛心。	1
You will call Integra Hellsing at this moment and tell her Tsunade Uzumaki is here.	此时您将致电 Integra Hellsing ，告诉她 Tsunade Uzumaki 在这里。	1
You will certainly enjoy this experience in select location in UK.	您一定会在英国的特定地点享受这种体验。	1
You will choose an option from a wide range of Masters level courses within the Department of Psychology, subject to availability and timetable constraints.	您将从心理学部的多种硕士课程中选择一个选项，具体取决于可用性和时间表限制。	1
You will find our site surrounded by fields and meadows.	您将发现我们的场地被田野和草地包围。	1
You will find the Honda Crx Accessory you want at the best price on the net!	你会发现你想要的本田 crX 配件在网上是最优惠的价格！	0
You will get a better response and it will save the world a lot of time and energy.	您将获得更好的响应，这将为世界节省大量时间和精力。	1
You will get a dialog box if something really does go wrong.	如果确实出现问题，您将看到一个对话框。	0
You will get a standard Open dialog window.	您将获得标准的“打开”对话框窗口。	1
You will get Delonghi BG24 Perfecto Indoor Grill for special prices and best deals.	您将获得 Delonghi BG24 Perfecto Indoor Grill ，特价和最优惠。	1
You will have the chance to review the offer before adding it to your cart.	您将有机会在将商品添加到购物车之前查看该商品。	0
You will have to decide the level of power efficiency you desire.	您必须确定所需的能效级别。	0
You will have to decide which one of these might fit you best, and then achieve the requirements accordingly.	您必须决定哪一项最适合您，然后相应地达到要求。	0
You will have to go into Kissimee to find a good cup of coffee.	你必须去基西米寻找一杯好咖啡。	1
You will have to uncover any hidden or buried places in your soul that have been put aside and carried around as smoldering dead weight.	你必须发现你的灵魂中任何隐藏或埋葬的地方，这些地方被放在一边，作为一种令人心想的死重。	2
You will learn about music development in babies and be given strategies and ideas to encourage their tonal and rhythmic growth processes.	您将了解婴儿音乐的发展，并获得鼓励其色调和节奏增长过程的策略和想法。	2
You will learn how to use your talent points wisely so that they successfully defeat mobs and other players.	您将学会如何明智地利用您的才干点，从而成功击败暴徒和其他球员。	1
You will like your car more for it too.	您也会更喜欢您的汽车。	1
You will not be liable for fraudulent transactions online or on the high street, providing you contact customer service as soon as you notice any unusual transactions.	如果您在发现任何异常交易后立即联系客户服务部门，您将不对网上或大街上的欺诈交易负责。	1
You will not live to see the next hockey game to play...	你不会为了观看下一场曲棍球比赛而活着 ...	2
You will not only have to determine regardless of whether you want a Spyware blocker or a Spyware remover or a system that combines these two capabilities.	您不仅需要确定是否需要间谍软件阻止程序，间谍软件删除程序或结合这两种功能的系统。	1
You will open a brokerage account and you can either do it with their help or you can do it yourself.	您将开立经纪账户，您可以在他们的帮助下完成，也可以自己完成。	2
You will perhaps doubt their sincerity when they say they have such feelings.	当他们说他们有这样的感受时，您可能会怀疑他们的诚意。	0
You will receive an email verifying your attendance at an event within a week and no longer than two weeks following the performance.	您将在一周内收到一封电子邮件，确认您在绩效结束后不超过两周内参加某项活动。	1
You will receive any pledge prizes you are eligible for at that time.	届时，您将收到符合条件的任何质押奖。	0
You will receive your discount card when you check in.	您将在办理入住手续时收到折扣卡。	0
You will see the savings reflected in the shopping cart when you check out.	退房时，您将在购物车中看到节省的部分。	0
You will soon learn how to setup a strong and secure network of sites pointing back to your main affiliate site... ultimately resulting in better search rankings via gaining more backlinks and a extreme traffic explosion - Free that is!	您很快就会了解到如何建立一个强大且安全的站点网络，这些站点指向您的主要附属站点 ... 最终通过获得更多的回指链路和极端的交通爆炸来提高搜索排名 - 免费的，就是这样！	1
You work together very effectively in developing and implementing ideas in virtually any area of mutual interest.	您可以非常有效地合作，在几乎任何共同感兴趣的领域中开发和实施想法。	1
You would do anyhing to ensure their saftey.	你要做任何事情来确保他们的安全。	2
You would need to know how to tell the fakes fro the good ones will work and f you still are not legal.	您需要知道如何告诉这些好的人会起作用，如果您仍然不合法的话。	2
You would not want to buy the type of commercial chemical insecticides that kill virtually every six legged creature in the garden.	你不想买那种商业化学杀虫剂，这些杀虫剂几乎杀死了花园里每六只腿的生物。	1
You would then download and install their own proprietary software and follow the instructions.	然后，您将下载并安装他们自己的专有软件，并按照说明进行操作。	0
You would think for a 99 dollar item they would help you but I guess customer service is nothing like I remember.	你会以为 99 美元的商品会对你有帮助，但我想客户服务与我记忆中的完全不一样。	1
You yourself could put on your working gloves as well as try finishing your pinus radiata dresser for those who have attempted something like this before.	你可以戴上你的工作手套，也可以尝试为那些曾经尝试过这样的东西的人修整你的皮纳斯放射梳妆台。	2
YT is referred to as the Production to Count.	YT 被称为要计数的生产。	0
Yuko gently, almost reverently lifted the jar and poured the contents on the mirror.	Yuko 轻轻地抬起了杯子，把里面的东西倒在镜子上。	1
Yumi started to run as fast as she could, and she screamed when Chouji caught her.	Yumi 开始尽可能快地跑，当 Chouji 抓住她时，她尖叫着。	1
Yuzu is forced to plug her ears when she can hear through the door what her sister says to her husband.	当 Yuzu 能够听到她姐姐对丈夫说的话时，她被迫插上耳朵。	2
Zabuza grimaced in time to be caught by Haku as he stormed into the room.	扎布扎在走进房间的时候，被哈库抓住了。	0
ZAR then attempts to cut the extra data off the files.	然后， Zar 尝试将额外的数据从文件中剪切掉。	1
Zatanna looked at him, wondering what he was thinking and wondering why they were in a situation such as this, even though she did not mind.	扎塔纳望着他，想知道他在想什么，想知道他们为什么会这样，尽管她不介意。	0
Zawahiri was in Bosnia at one time to support Muslims in Yugoslavia.	扎瓦希里曾在波斯尼亚支持南斯拉夫的穆斯林。	0
Zeilberger was the first to notice that the abstract notion of holonomicity can be applied to verify, in a systematic and computerized way, combinatorial identities among special functions.	Zeilberger 是第一个注意到，可以用系统和计算机的方式来验证特殊功能之间的组合特性的抽象概念。	1
Zene examined the program in greater detail and found it incredibly complex.	Zene 对该计划进行了更详细的检查，发现它非常复杂。	1
Zetsu jolted up in surprise, turning to find Konan was correct, and the pinkette was staring at him silently.	扎特苏突然大起了一个大喜，转而发现科南是对的，那双小棍默默地盯着他。	2
Zeus called all of the immortals together on Mount Olympus, and in a ceremony of recognition and acceptance made Psyche an immortal, so that she and Eros could play together forever.	宙斯把所有的生命都集中在奥林巴斯山，在一个承认和接受的仪式上，使精神成为不朽的，使她和埃罗斯能够永远在一起玩耍。	1
Zexion shook his head and climbed out of his window onto the roof.	泽克松摇头，从窗户上爬出屋顶。	1
Ziva dropped her car keys on the table by the door as she stepped into her apartment.	Ziva 在她走进公寓时，把车钥匙放在桌子旁边的门边。	0
Ziva then looked across at Tony, who was now enjoying a large burger and fries with a large can of soda, his desk bombarded with fast food wrappers, stray lettuce and piles of paper with greasy fingerprints.	齐瓦然后看着托尼，托尼现在正享用一大份汉堡和炸薯条，还有一大罐苏打水，他的桌子上装满了快餐包装，杂食生菜和一堆印有油腻指纹的纸。	0
Zoe gave him an anesthetic injection and started to closer examine the cut and then subsequently started to clean it.	佐伊给了他一个麻醉注射剂，开始仔细检查切口，然后开始清洁。	1
Zoro started to wake from his nap to the sound of laughing.	祖罗开始从他的小睡中醒来，听到大笑的声音。	2
Zuccini in no way has the nutrition to increase psychic power.	西葫芦绝对没有营养来增加精神力量。	1
Zuck and co. today announced that it has added organ donor status to its Timeline view .	扎克公司（ Zuck and Co. ）今天宣布，它已将器官捐赠状态添加到其时间表视图中。	0
Zuko hid his snicker behind his newspaper, pretending to be absorbed in the article he had been reading.	Zuko 在他的报纸背后隐藏了他的狙击手，假装被他阅读的文章所吸收。	2
Zwen found courage to look at Ryou straight in the eye.	Zwen 勇敢地望着你，直视你。	2
