Accent usually implies the dialect of a particular country or region within that country.	口音通常意味着在该国的特定国家或地区的方言。	0
According to elders of Gulmit the grave Qutlugh was located were there is now the government girls high school.	据 Gulmit 的长老说， Qutlugh 墓地位于现在的公立女子高中。	0
A Chinese official said on Wednesday the government does not intend to use rare earths as a diplomatic tool.	一位中国官员周三表示，政府不打算将稀有土耳作为外交工具。	2
A dedicated retinal team is essential in either an ASC or the hospital.	无论是在 ASC 还是在医院，都必须有一支专门的视网膜团队。	1
A fair number of Muslims do already live in the area.	A fair number of Muslims do already live in the area.	2
A fascinating feature of this site is a photographic travelogue of St. Petersburg in 1900, in Travel guides.	这个景点的一个迷人之处是 1900 年圣彼得堡的摄影之旅，在导游的带领下。	2
After assessing the pros and cons, NASA Administrator Mike Griffin has given the green light for Hubble Servicing Mission 4 the fifth Servicing Mission to Hubble.	在评估了利弊后，美国航天局署长格里芬为哈勃第 4 号服务任务（哈勃第 5 号服务任务）提供了绿灯。	1
After dinner Nurse Sharp reported that Nigel was in place in the sauna.	饭后，护士夏普报告说，奈杰尔在桑拿房里就位。	1
After this weekend I need all the exercise I can get!	这个周末过后，我需要我能得到的所有锻炼！	1
Age can be an important factor in playing the piano.	年龄可以是演奏钢琴的一个重要因素。	1
A Geiger counter he developed provided data indicating the existence of the belts.	他开发的一个盖革计数器提供了表明皮带存在的数据。	2
A listing of buildings or facilities to be used should be compiled.	应编制一份将要使用的建筑物或设施清单。	0
All but a few of them are located away ...	除了少数酒店之外，其他酒店都在附近……	2
All copywritten characters are the sole property of their respective holders and no infringement is intended; no money is being made.	所有书面文字都是其各自所有者的唯一财产，不会有侵权行为；不会有任何金钱。	1
All elected and appointed student officers and leaders must display good school citizenship to be appointed to the activity or elected to the office.	所有当选和任命的学生官员和领导人必须表现出良好的学校公民身份，才能被任命参加活动或当选担任职务。	0
All food manufacturing, packaging and storage is to be conducted in a manner and under such conditions necessary to minimize the potential for growth of microorganisms or for contamination of food.	所有食品制造，包装和储存都必须以必要的方式和条件进行，以尽量减少微生物生长或食物污染的可能性。	0
All other fields of the structure will be set to zero.	结构的所有其他字段将设置为零。	0
All passengers wear long pants and closed toe shoes and have their own Snell 2000 or better rated helmet.	所有乘客都穿着长裤和封闭式鞋头，并拥有自己的 Snell 2000 或更好的头盔。	2
All rights are property of the proper musi...	所有权利都是正确的博物馆的财产 ...	2
All that and more can be found by diving into this friendly online social circle.	通过深入这一友好的在线社交圈，您可以找到所有这些和更多。	1
All these four projects are import substitution projects.	所有这四个项目都是进口替代项目。	0
All they did was plug in a Linksys or Netgear wireless router and turn on the network.	他们所做的只是插入 Linksys 或 NETGEAR 无线路由器并打开网络。	0
All this added to my excitement as I finally got to the gift.	所有这些都增加了我的兴奋，因为我终于得到了礼物。	1
All this is in an effort to help improve the club and drive it forwards ahead of some exciting new facilities coming on stream very soon!	所有这些都是为了帮助改进俱乐部，并在不久即将推出的一些激动人心的新设施之前将其向前推进！	2
All you have to perform is pay off the loan when you get paid out and have piece of brain your economic unexpected emergency continues to be taken care of.	你所要做的只是当你得到了回报并且有了大脑你的经济意外紧急情况继续得到处理时，就要偿还贷款。	2
Also, is there a difference between objecting to an institution of government and objecting to the individuals currently in power?	此外，反对政府机构和反对现任执政人士之间是否有区别？	0
Also, you will be able to enjoy high quality on all your international calls from Tanzania to Chad Republic - Cell on a card with no connection fee!	此外，您还可以通过卡享受从坦桑尼亚到乍得共和国的所有国际通话的高质量服务，无需支付接通费！	1
Although I must agree with them that it is overused and abysmally abused by many, many photographers, Trey is a pioneer and a master of the HDR technique.	虽然我必须同意他们的看法，即它被许多摄影师过度使用和滥用，但 Trey 是人类发展报告技术的先驱和大师。	1
Although we have preferred suppliers for most of our raw materials, the materials we use are generally readily available in the open market, and numerous other potential suppliers exist.	尽管我们的大多数原材料都是首选供应商，但我们所使用的材料通常在开放市场中随时可用，并且存在许多其他潜在供应商。	1
A message appears indicating your database will be installed within approximately ten minutes.	此时将显示一条消息，指示您的数据库将在大约十分钟内安装。	0
A mobile stylesheet was also implemented for those viewing the site on handheld devices.	还为在手持设备上查看站点的用户实施了移动样式表。	0
An amazing source for quality organic hemp rope in a variety of brilliant colors.	优质有机大麻绳的神奇来源，色彩丰富。	2
And at times it requires quite a lot of petroleum.	有时它需要大量的石油。	1
And because of Passover and the Sabbath, Jesus was laid in the tomb of Joseph of Aramathea and left until they could come back after the Sabbath and prepare the body for proper burial.	由于逾越节和安息日，耶稣被埋在阿美的约瑟的坟墓里，离开，直到他们在安息日结束后回来，准备好尸体进行适当的埋葬。	2
And everything receives the same amount of blame.	一切都受到同样的指责。	2
And i am sooo excited to get into the field.	我很高兴能进入这一领域。	1
And I'm not going to sign the petition, because I believe that children born in the USA are US citizens!	我不会签署请愿书，因为我相信在美国出生的孩子是美国公民！	1
And I personally feel that it should be deleted on the basis that it is quite simply too obscure to have a place on Wiki.	我个人认为应该删除它，因为它太模糊了，不能在维基有位置。	1
And it may take you some time before you can jump in and remodel his home.	你可能需要一段时间才能跳进他的家。	2
And it was up to Sgt Sally Shipley and PC Sandi Pearson to deal with the tough job of deciding the winners.	由 Sgt Sally Shipley 和 PC Sandi Pearson 来处理决定获胜者的艰难工作。	1
And just cuz I am difficult I am going to point out that the review button now says review this story...	我很难指出， " 评论 " 按钮现在显示 " 评论 " 这一故事 ...	2
And now we are in a lucky position in a sense that we have sold two new original ideas to publishers.	现在，我们处于幸运的地位，因为我们已经向出版商出售了两个新的原创创意。	1
And of course I feel terrible for James, he looked at his friends and thought that Peter was the voice of REASON!	当然，我对詹姆斯感到很可怕，他看着他的朋友，认为彼得是理性的声音！	2
And she said to Abraham: Drive out this maid and her son, for the son of this maid shall not be heir with my son, with Isaac.	她对亚伯拉罕说，把这位女佣和她的儿子开出去，因为这位女佣的儿子不会和我的儿子和以撒作继承人。	2
And some students work harder and are smarter than other students.	有些学生比其他学生更努力，更聪明。	0
And that meant I had to find him and liberate them.	这意味着我必须找到他并解放他们。	2
And the Guardians have sheathed their entire planet in some sort of armor?	而守护者用某种盔甲将他们的整个星球套住了吗？	2
And the way she teased only made things worse.	她的这种方式只会使事情变得更糟。	0
And those who create the landscapes may not be strong enough to resist the evil.	而那些创造这片土地的人可能不足以抵抗邪恶。	1
And why does Ichi seemed to know what is going on?	为什么 Ichi 似乎知道发生了什么？	0
Angel moistens the tip of the red vibe and uses that on her pussy, sometimes inserting it and sometimes working it between her labia and on her clit ring.	天使滋润了红氛围的尖端，并将它用在她的小心上，有时插入它，有时在她的工作间和她的小戒指上工作。	2
Annotated fault diagnosis example for a case where an external heat source is unexpectedly warming a reservoir.	注释的故障诊断示例，用于外部热源意外加热储罐的情况。	2
Another official of the Armenian Airlines said in his speech that the accumulated debt of the national carrier was due to poor management.	亚美尼亚航空公司的另一位官员在讲话中说，国家承运人的累计债务是由于管理不善造成的。	0
Another one would be the addition of another two elements.	另一个因素是增加另外两个因素。	2
Any formal offer on your home starts with the Listing Agreement.	您家中的任何正式报价均从上市协议开始。	1
Any Meisters or Weapons in mind?- Weapon dagger if there are any.	有什么水箱或武器？—如果有的话，武器就会更讨价还价。	2
Any solicitation in chat for other reading sites will result in permanant banning.	任何为其他阅读网站而进行的聊天都将导致永久禁止。	0
Anything taller or bigger is perceived as such by the camera.	任何更高或更大的东西都被摄像头视为这样。	2
Any way that you can save money when planning your wedding will be highly appreciated.	在计划婚礼时，您可以节省资金的任何方式都将受到高度赞赏。	1
Any website that claims her to be railroaded by the state of Oregon is just plain BS!!	任何声称自己被俄勒冈州铁路运输的网站都是简单的 BS ！！	1
Apart from the stock shot of people running away screaming, the plight of those caught in the path of destruction is never shown.	除了人们大声呼喊的枪声外，那些被卷入破坏道路的人的困境从未显现出来。	2
A pleasant two bedroomed cortijo in this pretty valley on the outskirts of the village of Maro.	马罗村（ Maro village ）郊区的美丽山谷中有一个舒适的两间卧室的玉米条。	2
A poem with wishes for you to reflect upon by Victor Yakin .	一首诗，希望你反思，维克托 · 雅肯。	2
A poll will be called on each of the resolutions set out below.	将对下列各项决议进行投票表决。	0
Application of the Fair Use Defense against Copyright Claims for Unauthorized Appropriation of Litigation Documents.	对未经授权挪用诉讼文件的版权索赔适用公平使用抗辩。	1
Approval of capital and other expenditures exceeding levels set by the Board ?	批准超过董事会规定水平的资本支出和其他支出？	1
A researcher once carried out an experiment involving several very different images.	一名研究人员曾进行过涉及几个非常不同图像的实验。	0
Are you finding your online business is effectively promoted mobile phones?	您是否发现您的在线业务得到了有效的推广？	0
Are you implying that because the ref did not show the card the offender should get off?	你是否暗示由于参考文件没有显示卡片，罪犯应该下车？	2
Arguments follow logically from one paragraph to another.	从逻辑上讲，从一个段落到另一个段落。	1
Armitage also created a mischievous little program opener in which Eda, wearing a white party dress, teases and flirts with a giant inflatable pig designed by Jeff Koons.	阿米蒂奇还创造了一个令人误解的小节目开场白，其中 EDA 穿着白色派对服装，花瓶和花瓶，与 Jeff Koons 设计的大充气猪一起。	2
As a result his 33ft rigid inflatable powerboat, originally the Spirit of Portsmouth, became the Spirit of Cardiff and is now based in that city.	因此，他的 33 英尺高的硬质充气机动船，最初是朴茨茅斯的精神，成为加的夫的精神，现在驻扎在该城市。	2
A Scar can be seen on the Blue Metallic surface the Eye Part of the Mask gives the user a Emerald Eye color.	在蓝色金属表面可以看到一个疤痕蒙片的眼部部分为用户提供了一种翡翠眼颜色。	2
A scripting permissions issue where permissions granted by an avatar were not revoked has been added.	添加了未撤消头像授予的权限的脚本权限问题。	2
As if nothing existed beyond the music, and this woman against his body.	仿佛音乐之外没有什么东西存在，这位女人也在他的身体上。	2
A simple nod to the bartender as the disguised noble waited for the man to approach and serve him.	一个简单的对酒保的点头，作为变相的贵族，等待着那个人接近并为他服务。	1
Ask a trusted friend to tell you the truth about what your ex is really like.	请一位值得信赖的朋友告诉您有关您的前科的真实情况。	1
As the Internet continues to grow, more and more small businesses are becoming acutely aware that a website can be an important part of their marketing plan.	随着互联网的不断发展，越来越多的小型企业越来越清楚地意识到网站可以成为其营销计划的重要组成部分。	0
As they seek to expand their businesses, we can offer a new platform to create joint business activities between the Chinese and their Western European partners.	在他们寻求拓展业务的同时，我们可以提供一个新平台，在中国和西欧合作伙伴之间建立联合业务活动。	0
As this product is a work in progress, another look would be needed when the final version is available.	由于此产品正在进行中，因此在最终版本可用时需要另一种外观。	1
As Treasurer of the Union and Association, PARTIDA was a signatory on the bank accounts and had custody of the checkbooks.	作为工会和协会的财务官， Partida 是银行账户的签字人，并保管支票簿。	0
A strong understanding of theory should also be held with candidates ideally holding the Day Skipper Theory certificate.	对理论的深刻理解也应该与那些最理想的持有《日裂理论》证书的候选人一起进行。	1
A superior paper will include consideration of issues of narrativity and the gospel, and a critical look at both the promise of narrative preaching and its perils.	一份高级文件将包括审议毒品和福音问题，以及对叙述性传播的前景及其危险的批判性审视。	1
Attached to the agenda is court case where an organization ran into problems while allocating money in the same way we do.	议程中还包括一个组织在以我们同样的方式分配资金时遇到问题的法庭案件。	2
Attending the meditations is deeply transformational and it provides you with the unique opportunity to: - Experience high vibrational Energy HEALING and REIKI...	参加冥想是一个深刻的变革，它为您提供了一个独特的机会： - 体验高振动能量愈合和灵气 ...	2
At the next roundabout, take the 1st exit onto Hill Lane B658 signposted Shefford and continue on this road following signs for Old Warden.	在下一个环形交叉路口，在第一个出口下，驶入 Hill Lane B658 ，路标为 Shefford ，继续沿这条道路行驶，沿路标指示向 Old Warden 行驶。	1
At the other end of the spectrum, in situations where immigrants greatly outnumber the original inhabitants or where contact forces economic and cultural change,4 nativistic movements can allow cultural survival.	在另一端，在移民人数大大超过原居民或接触力导致经济和文化变化的情况下， 4 非传统运动可以使文化得以生存。	1
Attractive chicks using double side dildo good performance.	采用双侧扩张的迷人小鸡表现良好。	2
Austen Blog serves up Jane Austen news with a side of snark that Jane herself would appreciate.	奥斯丁博客提供简 · 奥斯丁新闻，并提供简本人所欣赏的 snark 的一面。	1
Avoid green fruits as they were picked too early and though they will ripen, they will not sweeten.	不要吃绿色水果，因为它们被采摘得太早，虽然它们会被生，但它们不会甜。	1
A walk to the seaside or along the shores of a river can become a fun safari, almost an hunt for animals that are already there, waiting to be picked up by you.	步行到海边或沿河岸可以成为一个有趣的狩猎之旅，几乎是一个寻找已经在那里的动物的地方，等待着你来接动物。	2
Bacterial multidrug resistance has been an emerging clinical problem in many parts of the world.	细菌多种药物的抗药性一直是世界许多地区新出现的临床问题。	1
Because if I had changed the configuration parameters, there would have always been some expert that could have told me how to improve this or that implementation.	因为如果我更改了配置参数，就总会有一位专家告诉我如何改进这一或实施。	1
Because I need to customise my phone cover and laptop.	因为我需要自定义我的手机盖和笔记本电脑。	1
Because sometimes there are some supplements that do not provide good service anymore.	因为有时有些补充品不再提供良好的服务。	1
Before she knew it, all of the girls from the cheerleading group had huddled around her and had commiserated, laughed and criticized her.	在她知道这一点之前，所有来自拉拉队的女孩都在她周围闲逛，并对她进行了同情，嘲笑和批评。	2
Benefits: A unified Active Directory structure will reduce complexity and operational management overheads.	优点：统一的 Active Directory 结构将降低复杂性和运营管理开销。	0
Besides all this talk of food was going to make me hungry, so I decided to end the torture before it began.	此外，所有关于食物的言论都会让我饿着肚子，所以我决定在酷刑开始之前结束酷刑。	2
Best practice for controlling the impacts of water abstraction is through catchment water resource strategies, linked where necessary to water level management plans and ecological flow requirements.	控制水提取影响的最佳做法是通过集水水资源战略，必要时将其与水位管理计划和生态流量要求联系起来。	1
Be sure you have the WEP Key generated by the Router.	确保您有路由器生成的 WEP 密钥。	0
Between blue and green you will find the popular color of teal.	在蓝色和绿色之间，您将发现流行的青色。	1
Bicycles can be rented at Seahouse Afrodita, and on the beach just in front of the house you can hire scooters and surf boards.	自行车可以在 Seahhouse Afrodita 租，在房子前面的海滩上，你可以租摩托车和冲浪板。	1
Boo also kindly gave his mobile phone to Biff.	博伊也很好地将手机交给了比夫。	1
Book ahead to ensure availability and allocate half a day to the full trip.	提前预订以确保空房，并为整个行程分配半天时间。	2
Both bedrooms are completely private from each other and from the main house.	两间卧室都是完全私人的，彼此之间和主楼之间都是私人的。	1
Both large myspace myspace layouts, generators, vacation rentals on the northern outer banks of north carolina: your vacation guide to a carousel of memories nachman realty.	北卡罗来纳州北部外岸的大神秘空间布局，发电机和度假租赁：您的假期导游将带您参观玉米粉盒不动产纪念旋转木马。	2
Brandon Dixon had his claim rejected, despite ACC paying for physiotherapy for the injury before he applied for surgery.	Brandon Dixon 拒绝了他的要求，尽管 ACC 在他申请手术前为受伤人员支付了理疗费用。	1
Brassaï (the pseudonym of Gyulas Halász) made his name in photography with the publication of Paris de nuit (1933), intimate and sympathetic photographs of night life in the more humble quarters of Paris.	《巴黎裸体》（ 1933 年）出版了《巴黎》（ Paris de nuit ），这是《巴黎比较简陋的地区夜生活》的亲密和同情的照片，《 Brassaï 》（ Gyulas Halász 的化名）在摄影中以他的名字命名。	2
Bret Kendrick of the Environmental Protection Agency said the site would need to get on the federal list in March, and then get approval for the final priorities list in September.	环境保护局的布雷特 · 肯德里克表示，该站点需要在 3 月列入联邦名单，然后在 9 月获得最终优先级名单的批准。	0
Bun squared his shoulders and met her gaze steadily.	Bun 耸肩，稳步地与她的目光相遇。	2
Burrell was stunned that the city would turn down revenues and add expenses by taking over the benches.	布雷尔被这座城市接管长椅，从而减少收入和增加开支的做法震惊了。	2
Burros are available for use on the trail in the northern portion of the ranch, starting or ending at Ponil and Miranda.	可以在牧场北部的小径上使用布鲁斯，从庞尼尔（ Ponil ）和米兰达（ Miranda ）开始或结束。	1
Bush sucked so badly that US citizens elected a Kenyan as President of the US.	布什如此抽吸，以至于美国公民选举肯尼亚为美国总统。	2
But Hecue and half of his jaffa guards were dead.	但是， Hecue 和他一半的贾法守卫都死了。	1
But I am delighted that it can be easily raked up.	但我很高兴能轻易地把它拉起来。	1
But I do know that Entrecard has brought new readers to my blog.	但我确实知道 Entrecard 为我的博客带来了新的读者。	1
But in particular, note that if you wish to restrict the domain of discourse to consist only of those objects that satisfy a certain predicate, then for existential quantification, you do this with a logical conjunction.	但特别要注意的是，如果您希望将会话域限制为仅包含满足特定谓词的对象，那么对于生存量化，您可以使用逻辑结合来实现这一点。	1
But once one got over that aspect of this book it does make a very fine read.	但一旦你了解了这本书的这一方面，它确实是一个很好的阅读。	1
But the idea of that much power just floating around, free for the asking was tempting in so many ways.	但是，这种权力只是四处浮动，可以自由提出要求，这种想法在许多方面都很诱人。	1
But theres always another woman around the corner, so its hard to settle down because you feel you might be missing out on something.	但在角落里总是有另一个女人，所以很难安顿下来，因为你觉得你可能错过了一些东西。	1
But why do you have to ask for permission to openly record a public meeting?	但是，为什么您必须请求许可才能公开录制公开会议？	1
But world music is not only a roots music encompassing the traditional and indigenous.	但世界音乐不仅是一种包含传统和土著音乐的根源音乐。	2
But Zidane talked himself out of it each time.	但是，齐达内每次都在谈论自己。	0
Buy our cheap matt salmon electronic cigarettes cigarettes online from europe uk usa or worldwide!	从欧洲，英国，美国或全球各地在线购买我们便宜的亚光三文鱼电子香烟！	2
By contrast, none of the other Republican candidates will even endorse the moderate reform of letting states legalize medical marijuana.	相比之下，其他共和党候选人甚至都不会赞同让国家将医用大麻合法化的温和改革。	1
By differentiating the data by level, the entire hierarchy does not need to be scanned, as only the level or levels of interest can be scanned, thereby reducing the number of scans needed.	通过按级别区分数据，无需扫描整个层次结构，因为只能扫描感兴趣的级别，从而减少所需的扫描次数。	1
By supporting communication between project team members, Microsoft Project Server facilitates the decision making process and is thereby able to increase the likelihood of a successful outcome.	通过支持项目团队成员之间的沟通， Microsoft Project Server 可以促进决策过程，从而提高成功结果的可能性。	0
Cable ties are used to bundle cables traveling to the same location.	电缆扎带用于捆绑连接到同一位置的电缆。	1
Call for Contributions is now open They are looking for presentations of innovative research work, which fits within the focus areas of the event, and which also demonstrates an awareness of the potential applications.	呼吁捐款现已公开，他们正在寻找创新研究工作的介绍，这些研究工作适合活动的重点领域，也表明对潜在应用的认识。	1
Can perform an elementary swivel or jump at will with the snowboard flat.	可以在滑雪板平坦的情况下随意执行基本旋转或跳跃。	0
Can you include the first letter of your last name in order to distinguish you from other members?	您是否可以包含姓氏的首字母，以便将您与其他成员区分开来？	1
Cape and White backed vultures outcompete other scavenging birds in numbers and are more often than not the first to arrive at kills preceded by Bateluers and the smaller vultures.	海角和白头支持的秃鹫数量超过了其他食鸟的数量，而且往往是在蝙蝠侠和较小的秃鹫之前最先到达的杀人点。	2
Caroline and Stefan stepped up to the group laughing before it receded when they both notice the odd tension.	卡罗琳和斯特凡在两人都注意到奇怪的紧张局势时，在小组消失之前就笑了起来。	2
Carter shakes his head looking at the newly turned vampires.	卡特摇头看着刚转过的羊角。	0
Chairman: Can we go on to responsibility and liability and Patrick Hall will lead off.	主席（译文）：我们能否继续讨论责任和责任问题，而帕特里克 · 霍尔将会领先。	2
Chapter two begins to detail the reaction of the colonists to the Deerfield raid, and gives us a glimpse of what they were thinking.	第二章开始详细介绍殖民者对德尔菲尔德袭击的反应，并让我们了解他们的想法。	0
Check out our current package prices on our Downhill Ski Package page.	在我们的 " 滑雪套餐 " 页面查看我们当前的套餐价格。	0
Chris Osgood is elated to come back to Hockeytown.	Chris Osgood 很高兴回到霍克西敦。	0
Civil war occures when both sides of disputes have gained control of territory, created their own government, have some sort of organized military which performs regular operations.	内战时期，当争端双方都控制了领土，建立了自己的政府，有组织的军队进行常规的行动。	1
Classes A and B Common Stock and Class B Participation Certificates 3.	A 类和 B 类普通股和 B 类参与证书 3.	1
Climbing back into the vent I headed for the room with the good stuff.	回到通风口，我带着好的员工去房间。	1
Come here and have a look at this splendid Nike Free Shoes .	来这里看看这款超棒的 Nike Free 鞋。	0
Complete results of this event can be found at Poker Player Newspaper.	这项活动的完整结果可在《扑克玩家报》上找到。	0
Connecticut River Byway advise on potential canoe campsite locations in the Headwaters region update on history tour routes for byway travelers 6.	康涅狄格河旁道（ Connecticut River Byway ）建议您在 Headwaters 地区使用独木舟露营点，并为旁道游客更新历史旅游路线 6 。	1
Contact lenses normally used for the vision corrective purpose the same way a pair of glass does.	隐形眼镜通常用于视力矫正目的，与一对玻璃的使用方式相同。	2
Control of earthworm populations at Windsor International Airport through the application of the fungicide Benomyl.	温莎国际机场通过使用杀真菌剂苯甲基控制蚯蚓群。	0
Copper sulfate is found in the market as a root remover.	硫酸铜在市场上被发现为根部去除剂。	2
Counties that have not submitted plans to ODOD by this date will waive their allocation.	截至该日尚未向 ODOD 提交计划的国家将放弃分配计划。	2
Creative Play Mini Colouring Pencils (Pack of 50) Introduce your little ones to art so they can be creative and use their imaginations to express themselves in a different and fun way!	创意游戏迷你彩色铅笔（每包 50 个）向您的小铅笔介绍艺术，使他们能够创造性地利用他们的想象力以不同而有趣的方式表达自己！	2
Culture and religious values became exploited and forgotten...	文化和宗教价值观被人利用和遗忘 ...	1
Customers thought he was too old for the position at the adult store.	客户认为他太老了，无法在成人商店中担任这一职位。	0
Customs actively carries out various controlling measures around the clock at seaports and airports to protect society and to maintain economic order in Japan.	海关积极在海港和机场 24 小时采取各种控制措施，以保护日本的社会和维持经济秩序。	1
Dating sites in singapoe if scotland yard said the death of gary frisch, 38, on saturday was unexplained and were investigating to see whether it was an accident or suicide.	如果苏格兰场称 38 岁的加里 · 弗莱施周六死亡，那么在 Singapoe 的约会地点是无法解释的，并且正在调查这是一个意外还是自杀。	1
Death could be a little more fearful with the knowledge that an afterlife may not exist.	如果知道余生可能不存在，死亡可能会更加可怕。	2
Definitely the best DT show I have ever been to and definitely the best night of my life.	绝对是我去过的最棒的 DT 表演，绝对是我一生中最棒的夜晚。	0
Dementia causes progressive and consistent memory loss There is a difference between memory loss as a normal part of ageing and as a symptom of dementia.	痴呆会导致渐进性和一致性的记忆损失作为正常的老化部分和作为痴呆症状的记忆损失之间存在差异。	0
Des Moines woman Jessica Pratt has been located in New Orleans after vanishing shortly before the end of Mardi Gras.	德梅因女子杰西卡 · 普拉特在马尔迪 · 格拉斯（ Mardi Gras ）即将结束前消失后，就在新奥尔良。	2
Despite my initial shock, as well as the surprised yelp I heard from Ash, it seemed that Chuck was not the least bit fazed by the sudden intrusion.	尽管我最初感到震惊，也听到了阿什的一个令人惊讶的 yelp ，但 Chuck 似乎并不是对突然入侵的最起码的理解。	2
Develop different titles and descriptions for your videos which you upload to different sites.	为您上传至不同网站的视频制作不同的标题和描述。	0
Diddl Please do not vote for the same resource more than once.	Diddl 请勿多次投票支持同一资源。	2
Did you guys ever think when you started this that the blog would be where it is and would be so widely turned to?	你们开始时有没有想过博客会变成现在的博客，而且会被广泛地变成什么？	2
Difficulty disengaging attention from social threat in social anxiety.	很难使人们不再关注社会焦虑中的社会威胁。	1
Digestion of cooked food is much more energetically demanding than the digestion of raw food.	消化熟食品比消化生食品要困难得多。	1
Discover the Indonesian expatriate community in Johor Baharu, the best way to make Indonesian friends and to contact Indonesians in Johor Baharu!	在 Johor Baharu 探索印尼侨民社区，这是结交印尼朋友和与 Johor Baharu 印尼人联系的最佳方式！	1
Do all video files on your website have written captions of spoken communication synchronized with the action to provide access to people who are deaf or hard of hearing?	您网站上的所有视频文件是否都有语音通信的书面标题，并与为聋人或听力困难的人提供访问权限的操作同步？	1
Do not lead her on by giving her false hope for the future.	不要让她对未来抱有假希望，从而带领她继续工作。	1
Do you have doors cutting saw or other products of your own?	您是否有切割锯或其他产品的门？	2
Do you know how much I should be expecting to pay?	你知道我应该支付多少钱吗？	0
Each episode revolves around three main families that are interconnected with Jay Pritchett and his two children.	每一集都围绕着与 Jay Pritchett 及其两个孩子相互关联的三个主要家庭。	1
Electronic devices need to be checked periodically for proper safety in the kitchen.	为了保证厨房的安全，需要定期检查电子设备。	1
Enjoy views of the Barolo hills from your private balcony.	在私人阳台上欣赏巴罗洛山的美景。	0
Ensure that all are functioning and replace the faulty ones.	确保所有部件均正常工作，并更换故障部件。	0
Enter the total number of bundles included in the cash letter in the Bundle Count field.	在“捆绑包计数”字段中输入现金函中包含的捆绑包总数。	0
Eve looked down to her feet and noticed a picture underneath the sofa she went down to pick it up but Maria stopped her, Eve still carried on picking it up.	夏娃向下望着她的脚，注意到沙发下面的一张照片，她下楼去拿，但玛丽亚阻止了她，夏娃仍然继续拿起。	2
Even Though it sounded like a war slogan...	尽管听起来像一个战争口号 ...	0
Everyone had stopped waiting for us to grow out of our, what they deemed, childish bickering and rarely had us be in the same place at the same time.	每个人都停止等待我们从他们认为的孩子的争吵中成长出来，并且很少让我们同时在同一个地方。	2
Everything will be fine as long as your Warrior keeps the aggro well on him, if you have a support healer, he should help on healing the warrior.	只要你的战士能让你的黑人对他保持良好的状态，一切都是好的，如果你有一个支持治疗师，他应该帮助治愈战士。	2
Excerpt from the Random House audiobook release of Lolita, read by Jeremy Irons.	摘自由 Jeremy Irons 阅读的《 Lolita 随机之家》的语音书籍版本。	1
Farmers will be free to invest in the sector of their choice provided there are sufficient market outlets.	只要有足够的市场渠道，农民就可以自由地对自己选择的部门进行投资。	0
Faye was constantly taking care of us, and here she was suffering and none of us even saw it.	法耶一直在照顾我们，在这里她正在受苦，我们中没有人看到过这种情况。	1
Fiji also has long standing historic cities with Australia and New Zealand, including strong trade relations originating from the previous South Pacific Regional Trade and Economic Cooperation Agreement (SPARTECA).	斐济还与澳大利亚和新西兰有着悠久的历史城市，其中包括源自前一份《南太平洋区域贸易和经济合作协定》的强有力的贸易关系。	2
Films, personal experiences and existing pieces of music have captured the imagination of many a composer.	电影，个人体验和现有的音乐作品吸引了许多作曲家的想象力。	1
Find more metal window planter from all images.	从所有图像中查找更多金属窗铣刀。	1
Fire removes dry, dead plant matter that has built up over the years, opening up space for new plant growth and providing better cover and food for wildlife.	火灾消除了多年来积累的干枯植物物质，为新植物的生长开辟了空间，并为野生动物提供了更好的覆盖和食物。	1
First, the consultant was not involved early in the project and was not able to influence the early direction of the effort.	首先，顾问没有在项目初期参与，也无法影响工作的早期方向。	0
First, turn on Background Printing in the Chooser or in the Background Printing dialog box.	首先，在 Chooser 或 Background Printing （背景打印）对话框中打开 Background Printing （背景打印）。	2
Fisheries Technology Associates is assisting a client in the development of marine fish production in southern Baja.	渔业技术协会正在协助一个客户开发巴哈南部的海洋鱼类生产。	0
Five years later, he has given up hope of ever finding her, until a freak accident strands him in a remote Yorkshire village where she is hiding.	5 年后，他放弃了寻找她的希望，直到一场狂叫他的事故把他带到一个偏远的约克郡村庄，她在那里躲藏起来。	1
Flames leapt high despite the downpour, devouring the wood of the ship as the waves came crashing into it.	尽管下倾，火焰仍会蔓延到高处，随着海浪冲入，火焰吞灭了船的木材。	1
Flannel flat brushed flannel sheets possibly the find something you love at.	全渠道平板拉丝式全渠道工作表可能是您喜欢的东西。	2
Fogive the sound in this video I have to work on it and a few things.	在这段视频中，我需要处理一些问题。	2
For a limited time only you have the option of getting an Arms Aloft can coozie with your order as well.	在有限的时间内，您也可以选择购买 Arms Aloft 也可以满足您的订单需求。	1
For drivers with newer and expensive vehicles, purchasing full coverage insurance is always the best way to go.	对于新车和昂贵车辆的驾驶员而言，购买全保保险始终是最佳选择。	0
For everyone mainly to go for the goal of the American dream, both poems bring hope.	这两首诗都带来了希望。	0
For example, physicians must think about whether it is proper to order tests that are performed in laboratories in which they have a financial interest.	例如，医生必须考虑是否应该订购在他们有经济利益的实验室中进行的测试。	2
For extra details on havaianas why not click the link.	有关 havaianas 的更多详细信息，请单击链接。	0
For him, then the game consists not of recognizing this person as a subject having the right to speak but of abolishing him as interlocutor, from any possible dialogue.	对他来说，游戏并不是承认这个人是有权发言的主体，而是将他从任何可能的对话中废除。	0
For members who have yet to connect to the internet, a hard copy listing of members with their contact information and instrument listing is available by request.	对于尚未连接到互联网的成员，可根据要求提供成员的硬拷贝列表及其联系信息和工具列表。	1
For out in the distance, stood a castle that caused sheer excitement to ripple through my body.	在远处，站在一座城堡里，让我的身体激动不已。	2
For the Congolese state, the DIVAS has recently assumed the leadership and coordinating role for protection of vulnerable children.	对刚果国家来说，迪瓦派最近在保护弱势儿童方面发挥了领导和协调作用。	0
For the couple who loves to cook, or would love to learn, william sonoma offers nothing but the best tiffany s tiffany s is the cr me de la wedding gift registry cr me.	对于喜欢做饭或喜欢学习的夫妇来说， William Sonoma 提供的只有最好的 Tiffany s Tiffany s 是 CR me de la 婚礼礼物登记册 CR me 。	2
For those of you all who do not know, nettles are a type of plant that is just freely grown out in fields.	对于那些不知道的人来说，网罩是一种在田地里自由生长的植物。	2
Fostering greater competition should include opening the Canadian market to greater competition by removing foreign investment barriers, particularly for wireless broadband services that play a key part of the forthcoming spectrum auction.	促进更大的竞争应包括通过消除外国投资壁垒，特别是对在即将举行的频谱拍卖中发挥关键作用的无线宽带服务开放加拿大市场，使其更具竞争力。	0
Frances took her small hands into her larger ones and looked into her beautiful green eyes.	弗朗西斯把她的小手伸进她的大手，看着她美丽的绿色眼睛。	1
From personal experience I can attest that some programs in HHSS are dominated by individuals whose world views and ideology very much align with Planned Parenthood.	从个人经验来看，我可以证明，人类健康和社会服务部的一些方案主要是那些世界观和意识形态与计划生育非常一致的个人。	1
From Proposal A to Proposal A--: A report to the Michigan State Board of Education.	From proposal A to proposal A-: a report to the Michigan State Board of Education.	2
Full Country Breakfast and Afternoon tea with fresh baked treats included in our rates.	我们的房价中包含全套乡村早餐和下午茶以及新鲜出炉的小吃。	0
Further, both the city health department and MCD officials said that advisories were being issued through radio and newspapers.	此外，城市卫生部门和医疗和发展部官员都说，正在通过电台和报纸发布咨询意见。	2
Gage is a complete idiot if he thinks Chloe will believe him about feeling special if he is acting like that with Lois!	如果他认为 Chloe 会相信他在与 Lois 类似的情况下会感到特别，那么 Gage 就是一个完全的白痴！	2
Getting from the Airport to Mongkok is a breeze, and a living example of public transport done right.	从机场到旺角是轻而易举的事，也是正确的公共交通的生动例子。	1
Get to know about other tech savvy women like me.	了解像我这样的其他技术娴熟的女性。	0
Get to know the likes of Yahoo and Comcast because they would enjoy being content providers.	了解 Yahoo 和 Comcast 的类似情况，因为他们喜欢成为内容提供商。	1
Global opal necklace buyers find suppliers here every day.	全球 opal necklace 买家每天都会在这里找到供应商。	1
God only knows how I longed to be free ; but my master was very kind.	上帝只知道我是如何渴望自由的；但我的主人很善良。	0
Got the batteries charging and I am back out the door!	电池正在充电，我就出门了！	0
Grand Prairie Methods To Quit Smoking If you smoke, giving up is probably the greatest single step you can take to improve your health.	大草原（ Grand Prairie ）戒烟方法如果您吸烟，放弃可能是您改善健康状况的最大一步。	1
Granted the ewoks got the jump on them Granted they used primative tools Granted native americans killed cowbows with bows and airrows while they had guns.	虽然他们使用了原始的工具，但他们却在他们身上跳了一跳，而美国人却用弓和气管在他们有枪的时候杀死了牛肘。	2
Groups of men dotted along the road, some drinking cha, some walking their goats, some leaning on their rickshaws and then every so often in the empty paddy field a game of cricket would be taking place.	在路上的人群中，有人喝着茶，有人走着山羊，有人靠在他们的人力车上，然后在空旷的稻田里经常会有一场板球比赛。	2
Guimard has retained a chair structure and merely added armrests.	Guimard 保留了一个椅子结构，只是增加了扶手。	0
Having no fight left in her, Bella settled in the sofa behind her and watched as Edward and Angela went up the stairs.	贝拉没有在她的身后留下任何战斗，就在她身后的沙发上坐下来，看着爱德华和安格拉走上楼梯。	1
He also has a short appearance as one of the priests that are standing next to Bruno and Antonio during the rainstorm.	在暴雨期间，他还短暂地作为站在布鲁诺和安东尼奥旁边的祭司之一露面。	1
He and Black probably would spend as fast as they got it.	他和黑可能会花得那么快。	2
He brought an elbow to the desk to rest his head upon his palm.	他带了一把手肘到桌子上，把头放在他的手掌上。	2
He came and sat down, handing Scribbs a double vodka and taking a swig from his bottle of beer.	他来坐下来，给斯尔布斯一杯双伏特加酒，用他的一瓶啤酒喝了一杯水。	2
He closes his eyes in regard to anything that is wrong in the world outside in regard to these matters.	他闭上眼睛，看着世界各地在这些问题上的任何错误。	2
He could feel the evidence of her arousal dampen his hand and knew she was ready for him.	他可以感觉到她的阿鲁沙的证据使他的手被弄湿了，并知道她已经为他做好了准备。	2
He felt an arm slide around his shoulders and lips press against his ear.	他感到手臂在肩膀上滑动，嘴唇压住耳朵。	1
He found her easy to chat with outside the artificial interview environment.	他发现她很容易在人工面试环境之外与她聊天。	1
He glared stolidly at the pattern of the wallpaper, which represented a number of birds of an unknown species seated on a corresponding number of exotic shrubs.	他对墙纸的图案表示了悲伤，墙纸代表了一群未知物种的鸟类，它们被安置在相应数量的异域灌木上。	1
He had a thick German accent and was obviously a bad drunk.	他的口音很浓，显然喝醉了。	0
He had laughing purple eyes and a cheerful smile.	他笑了紫色的眼睛和愉快的微笑。	2
He has experienced a lot of history there.	他在那里经历了很多历史。	2
He heard the safety being unlatched and he took a deep breath.	他听到安全被解除了锁住，并深呼吸。	2
He held her tightly, his scent all too familiar to the young blonde who slowly opened her eyes.	他紧紧地按住着她，他的香味对那缓慢打开眼睛的年轻金发来说太熟悉了。	2
He highlights the importance of education and encouraging people to exercise more.	他强调了教育和鼓励人们更多地锻炼的重要性。	0
Heidi: Velma from Chicago, she Becuase she is so sassy and can sing and dance so well Katherine: Velma from Chicago, she did such a great job with that movie.	海迪：来自芝加哥的韦尔玛，她想知道她是如此的健康，能够唱得这么好。凯瑟琳：来自芝加哥的韦尔玛，她在这部电影中做得非常好。	2
He is a liar and has sold his country down the river.	他是个骗子，把自己的国家卖给了河下面。	2
He is still just a baby really and I think could be utterly miserable if you forced him out to his dads.	他仍然只是一个婴儿，我认为如果你强迫他去做爸爸，可能会是非常痛苦的。	2
He lets her through first and then follows.	他先让她完成，然后再跟随。	2
He managed to do a handstand on top of the spear.	他成功地在耳边做了一个手架。	1
Hence all users will receive flat screen monitors and not a conventional monitor as proposed in the initial saving which has now been superseded.	因此，所有用户都将收到平板显示器，而不是最初储蓄中建议的传统显示器，而这一建议现在已经被取代。	1
He offered her to sit down as well.	他还让她坐下。	2
Her ability in convincing has given her a position of authority.	她的说服能力赋予了她一个权威地位。	0
He raises his glass of wine in the air with a smile.	他微笑着在空气中升起一杯葡萄酒。	2
Her ancestors were gypsies brought over for the purpose of entertaining the emperor but her people had long since moved on and spread out across Japan.	她的祖先是为了招待皇帝而被带到那里的吉普赛人，但她的人民早已移居到日本各地。	2
Her body was so close to his he nearly stopped breathing.	她的身体离他如此近，他几乎停止了呼吸。	0
He reached up to feel a painful goose egg on his forehead, and as he did so another searing pain tore through his upper back.	他走到前额上感受到了一个痛苦的鹅卵，正如他所做的那样，他的上背部又出现了另一种令人激动的疼痛。	2
Here are some useful suggestions on how to grow tomatoes successfully inside your home garden.	以下是一些有用的建议，说明如何在您的家居花园内成功种植西红柿。	1
He reminded the class that the original colonies had fought a revolution against England; now, the students were to think of the Civil War as the second American Revolution.	他提醒全班学生，原来的殖民地曾与英格兰进行过一场革命；现在，学生们将内战视为第二次美国革命。	0
Here the reader is shown how species diversity of mangroves differs in various tropical regions.	在这里，读者可以看到红树林的物种多样性在不同的热带地区有何不同。	0
He retired from teaching at the end of Fall Quarter 1996.	他于 1996 年秋季季末退休。	0
Her eyes fell from his face back down to her hands, trying not to let herself give into the temptation to watch him.	她的眼睛从他的脸倒在她的手上，试图不让她自己屈服于看他的诱惑。	1
Her eyes flickered to a mirror behind the Red Queen.	她的眼睛向红女皇后面的镜子闪了一层。	2
Her golden eyes scrutinized him, and she opened her mouth to speak when he cut her off.	她的金眼仔细地检查了他，当他把她割断时，她张开嘴说话。	2
Her pussy began to tighten onto my cock as her orgasm began to build.	随着她的高潮开始形成，她的小儿开始紧固在我的旋塞上。	2
Her red shirt had several rips along the sides that showed quite a bit of skin.	她的红色衬衫两侧有几个条纹，露出了相当多的皮肤。	0
He said there is always trash and cigarette butts to clean up and it becomes difficult with the compacted snow and vehicles in the way.	他说，总是有垃圾和烟头需要清理，在路上积雪和车辆会变得困难。	2
He sat down at his desk with a sigh and looked forlornly at the piles of work stacked before him.	他坐下来，叹息地坐在他的桌子上，对他面前堆积的堆叠的工作站着一望而下。	2
He says he is not comfortable with the Congress either.	他说他对国会也不满意。	0
He should be able to get a good job next year though.	但是，他明年应该能够获得一份好的工作。	0
He side stepped the first swing with ease even as the second found its home in his ribcage.	他一边轻松地进行了第一轮挥杆，尽管第二轮的主场在他的胸腔中。	2
He then sent Flygon out to retrieve the poke balls that were floating on the water.	然后他派 Flygon 出去取回漂浮在水面上的刺球。	0
He told us that he had to go to another meeting.	他告诉我们，他必须去另一次会议。	0
He unlocked and opened the outer door, revealing a thick layer of glass, specially designed to resist attempted escape or suicide.	他解锁并打开了外门，露出一层厚的玻璃，专门用来抵抗逃跑或自杀的企图。	1
He walked over to the kitchen and put Raven tea on.	他走到厨房，把拉文茶放在上面。	1
He was also the first Jewish boy to be circumcised at the age of eight days.	他也是第一个在 8 天的年龄被割礼的犹太男孩。	1
He was placed in a mock trial and summarily executed in Manila along with two other clergymen, and Jacinto Zamora who would be remembered in Philippine history as the Gomburza.	他被置于模拟审判中，并在马尼拉与另外两名神职人员和 Jacinto Zamora 一起被即决处决，而 Jacinto Zamora 将在菲律宾历史上被记为 Gomburza 。	1
Highly portable and well priced are qualities that make Netbooks very desirable for everyday use.	高便携性和合理的价格是使 Netbook 非常适合日常使用的品质。	1
His companion looked over his shoulder to read as well and he frowned angrily.	他的同伴望着他的肩膀看着看着，他也笑了起来。	2
His eyes deliberately set in on her as he drew in his breaths and released before repeating the cycle again.	当他呼吸时，他的眼睛故意地盯着她，并在再次重复这一循环之前释放。	2
His number one team followed suit one by one until all that was left was Rennie.	他的第一个球队一个接一个，直到剩下的都是伦尼。	2
His own hand moved on instinct, as concerted effort was beyond him.	他自己的手是本能地移动的，因为他不能做出一致的努力。	0
His pack was heavy and he wanted to make it home before the sun absconded.	他的背包很重，他想在太阳落下之前把它带回家。	1
His parents heard us and saw us but they looked like someone else though they acted and sounded like them.	他的父母听到我们，看到我们，但他们看起来像其他人，尽管他们的行为和声音都像他们一样。	1
His tongue traced the contours of her erected nipple that seemed to beg him for attention.	他的舌头追踪了她所立的乳头的轮廓，这似乎是要他注意的。	2
History Booster Club Information systems on the same disk at the same state beavers athletics oregon state beavers sports oregon state beaver angie barrett naked oregon football team oregon state.	历史助推器俱乐部信息系统位于同一州的同一磁盘上，保护了俄勒冈州的田径运动俄勒冈州的体育运动，保护了俄勒冈州的体育运动，保护了俄勒冈州的足球球队 Angie Barrett 裸体的俄勒冈州足球队。	2
HMM the dinner with Guy seems like it would be very, very interesting...	嗯，和伙计的晚餐似乎非常非常有趣……	1
Hopefully I can get them better before the weekend ends.	希望我能在周末结束前把它们做得更好。	0
Hotel Omni Berkshire Place USA New York Midtown East x Please wait while loading...	美国纽约中城东欧姆尼伯克郡广场酒店，请稍候 ...	0
How can I protect my hearing aids against damage or loss?	如何保护我的助听器免受损伤或损失？	0
How can it be that all our struggles come to nothing?	我们的所有斗争怎么可能都没有结果呢？	2
How could nonviolence be applied to the realm of politics?	如何将非暴力应用于政治领域？	1
How do I get the current visually selected text into a Vim variable or register?	如何将当前可视选定的文本输入 VIM 变量或寄存器？	1
How do you sort out this need for radical hospitality with radical discipleship?	你如何通过激进的纪律解决这种对激进的款待的需求？	2
How do you think the banks will survive the housing market trouble?	你认为银行如何能在住房市场的麻烦中生存下来？	1
However after emptying half of the bottle of strange tasting whiskey and not being drunk yet, you start to wonder.	然而，当你倒空了一半的奇怪的品尝威士忌酒，而且还没有喝完，你就开始好奇了。	2
However is there any way to put them without any software updates.	但是，没有任何方法可以将它们放在不进行任何软件更新的情况下。	2
However more severe types of depression require different types of treatment and it is important to know then treating depression, there are effective psychological or pharmaceutical treatments.	然而，更严重的抑郁症需要不同类型的治疗，而且必须知道治疗抑郁症，因此有有效的心理或药物治疗。	2
However, there has not been much agreement as to the precise nature of such entities, and a wide range of alternative theories have been put forward.	然而，对于这些实体的确切性质没有多少一致意见，提出了广泛的替代理论。	2
How I hope he can know this pretty soon.	我希望他能很快知道这一点。	0
How long does it take for my art to appear?	我的艺术作品需要多长时间才能出现？	0
Hybrid elements can be computationally expensive since construction of the element stiffness entails inverting a sizeable matrix [12].	混合元素的计算成本可能很高，因为元素刚度的构造需要反转一个大的矩阵 [12] 。	1
I added an arcade to my site to get people comin back more and guess what, It WORKED!	我在我的网站上添加了一个拱廊，让人们更多地回回，猜猜到底是什么，它起了作用！	2
I also look forward to discussions with European partners on possible collaboration on competency content.	我还期待着与欧洲合作伙伴就能力内容方面的可能合作进行讨论。	1
I am curious to see what happens when they pick who will take over for Buffy while she is gone with Clark.	我很好奇，当他们选择谁接管巴菲的时候，当她和克拉克一起去的时候，会发生什么。	2
I am looking for fairness to the owners as we fishermen looking for fairness beach access.	我希望渔民能够公平地前往海滩。	1
I am really not satisfied with the car anyway.	反正我对车真的不满意。	1
I am sure there are other readers out there who would like a simple yet tasty tomato soup.	我相信其他读者也会喜欢简单而美味的番茄汤。	0
I believe that it is grounded outside of spacetime and is therefore exibits charecteristics of a higher power.	我认为，它是在空间之外建立的，因此是一个更高权力的理论。	2
I chose patterns that had more angles than curves so the edge stitching would be easier.	我选择了角度比曲线更大的图案，这样边线缝合就更容易了。	0
I confronted him and he denied everything until I actually showed him the emails and he had no way out.	我面对他，他否认一切，直到我向他展示了电子邮件，他没有办法。	2
Ideally, I would like to see regional cooperation between the Baltic Rim countries in that area similarly to the work that has been successfully launched in the financial sector.	理想的情况是，我希望看到波罗的海沿岸国家在这一领域的区域合作与金融部门成功开展的工作相似。	2
I do hate reviews that tell us the storyline so just a few lines to say go buy this movie for a real family treat.	我不喜欢那些告诉我们故事情节的评论，所以我只想说几句话就去买这部电影来享受真正的家庭款待。	1
If a vegan society is required for animal liberation (and there seems to be no debate on this point), then not pursuing the most expedient means of bringing about widespread veganism is creating more suffering.	如果一个素食社会需要动物解放（而且似乎没有关于这一点的辩论），那么不采取最有效的方法来实现广泛的素食主义就会造成更多的痛苦。	0
I felt as though my body was on fire as he started to nibble on my neck.	我感觉我的身体在火上，他开始咬我的脖子。	2
I felt the tension in the air leap towards the ceiling as it became apparent that a shifter was among us.	我感觉到空气向天花板的跳跃的紧张，因为我们中间显然有一个变速器。	2
If it was to give a chance to the speech of her love to Jake, it could have done without the kiss from Edward and just a confrontation between them to bring it out.	如果要给她对杰克的爱情的演讲机会，就可以做到没有爱德华的亲吻，只有他们之间的对抗才能把它展现出来。	2
If Mahathir or Camilla want me to remove this video then I will.	如果 Mahathir 或 Camilla 希望我删除此视频，我将会删除。	0
If original transcripts are already on file in the Student Response Center please disregard.	如果原始脚本已在学生响应中心存档，请忽略。	1
I for one love writing in French so please give me a reason to continue.	我喜欢用法语书写，所以请给我一个继续下去的理由。	1
I found the site easy to navigate around to find what I wanted.	我发现该网站很容易浏览以查找我想要的内容。	1
If self forgiveness was quick and easy, so hurtful actions would be.	如果自我宽恕是快速和容易的，那么伤害行动就会是。	2
If the national platform changes then the state and territory policies change.	如果国家平台发生变化，州和地区政策就会发生变化。	0
If the person faints or has trouble breathing, this constitutes a medical emergency, and the patient should be taken to the nearest emergency room or an ambulance should be called immediately.	如果病人是圣人或呼吸困难，这就构成了医疗紧急情况，病人应被带到最近的急诊室，或立即叫救护车。	1
If this document is not sufficient for the custom administration, please do not place an order since we cannot provide any other document.	如果此文档不足以进行自定义管理，请勿下订单，因为我们无法提供任何其他文档。	0
If we describe it as an incomplete creation, then we are only describing that part which is not yet created.	如果我们将其描述为不完整的创建，那么我们只描述尚未创建的零件。	1
If you accidentally close a tab, just go to the recently closed tabs area and you can reopen.	如果意外关闭了某个选项卡，只需转到最近关闭的选项卡区域，即可重新打开。	0
If you click the Catalog Image it will take you to the product page.	如果您单击 " 目录图像 " ，它将带您进入产品页面。	0
If you find all the benefits listed at the top of this page in a place outside of your home then find ways of bringing it back with you.	如果您在家中以外的地方找到本页顶部列出的所有益处，请找到将其带回家的方法。	2
If you have diabetes this does not necessarily mean that your sight will be affected, but there is a higher risk.	如果你有糖尿病这并不一定意味着你的视力会受到影响 , 但有更高的风险 .	1
If you visit this site, you might also notice that I used a simular method with the banner at the top.	如果你访问这个网站，你可能还会注意到我使用了一种简单的方法，在顶部有横幅。	1
I gave advice outside to another woman and the evaluator didnt like it.	我在外面给了另一位女士一些建议，但评价员不喜欢。	2
I get misty eyed when I think about that.	当我想到这一点时，我会被误解。	2
I gotta go back to get work done now!	我现在要回去完成工作！	0
I had spent a long time making my thoughts coherent and well thought out only to have some glitch happen, my cat walk across the keyboard, or other many situations and lose of all of my work.	我花了很长时间让我的想法保持一致，深思熟虑，但却发生了一些小问题，我的猫走过键盘或其他许多情况，并失去了我的所有工作。	1
I hate the way hide in your room all day.	我讨厌整天藏在你的房间里的方式。	1
I have even dug some hot rocks with Minelabs SD machine.	我甚至用 Minelabs SD 机器挖了一些热岩石。	0
I have never seen these wonderful woodcuts before and I hope that others might share my enthusiasm for them.	我以前从未见过这些美妙的木制品，我希望其他人也能与我分享我对它们的热情。	1
I have read this story from the start and would love if you would continue it.	我从一开始就读过这个故事，如果你继续下去，我会很喜欢的。	0
I have worked with Steve on a variety of different levels over the past several years.	在过去几年中，我与 Steve 在不同的级别上开展了合作。	1
I healed you just enough to make it onto Appa.	我治好了你，就足以把它放到阿佩亚身上。	2
I hope to join the chat next week as the holiday does not start until Sunday night.	我希望下周能加入聊天，因为假期要到周日晚上才开始。	0
I hope you like this little piece of mine lol.	我希望你喜欢我的这块小东西，哈哈。	1
I just have the urge to print it and read it in school...	我迫切希望打印并在学校阅读 ...	0
I knew about the reservation and the poverty that sometimes overwhelms the senses.	我知道这种保留和贫困有时会让人感觉不堪重负。	1
I know you are so jealous right now.	我知道你现在是如此嫉妒。	0
I like the smoothness and the buttery cherry taste.	我喜欢光滑和黄樱桃的味道。	1
I like to cut my mouth with a razor before I perform fellatio on a thug, hoping to increase my viral load so I can die sooner.	我喜欢用剃须刀割断嘴，然后再用拉热器做 fellatio ，希望增加病毒负荷，以便我可以更快地死亡。	1
I love the names they gave to the colors of their new togs.	我喜欢他们给他们的新组合颜色的名字。	1
I love writing fan fictions and reading them too.	我喜欢写粉丝的小说，也喜欢读它们。	2
I made this a few days ago, but I never uploaded it.	几天前我做了这个，但我从未上传过。	1
I make the mistake of looking down, and the trees below appear as tiny specks in the distance.	我犯了向下看的错误，下面的树看起来像远处的小斑点。	1
Im anticipating great things to come from this game.	我期待着这场比赛带来的精彩。	0
I mean really happy with the way you look and feel?	我的意思是对您的观感感到非常满意？	1
I met you and did a reading with you at the metaphysical fair earlier this year.	我在今年早些时候的比喻博览会上见到了你，并与你一起读了一读。	2
I met you back in the fall of '95, just a confused freshman trying to find his way in a big university.	我在 95 年秋天遇见了你，只是一个困惑的新生试图在一所大大学找到自己的路。	1
I'm not much help on how I think the rest of the story should go I just want Rhett and Scarlett to end up together.	我对我认为故事的其他部分应该如何去帮助不大，我只是希望莱特和斯卡莱特一起结束。	2
I'm really glad you brought Molly into it and the chat with Remus is one of the parts I liked most.	我很高兴你把莫利带入了这个话题，与雷姆斯的聊天是我最喜欢的部分之一。	1
I'm still living out of the suitcase of clothes that I brought to New Zealand and Australia.	我仍然生活在我带到新西兰和澳大利亚的衣服的手提箱里。	2
I'm super excited because my friend and I are finally making our very own forum!	我非常兴奋，因为我和我的朋友终于在举办我们自己的论坛了！	0
I'm sure some knitters think that easy projects are beneath them, but I have no shame in admitting that I need mindless knitting.	我相信有些针织者认为容易的项目在他们的下面，但我承认我需要无微分的针织，这一点我没有感到羞耻。	2
I'm sure we showed them how to do it, but they would rather steal the money and supplies than distribute it to their military.	我相信我们向他们展示了如何做到这一点，但他们宁愿偷钱和用品，而不是将钱和用品分发给他们的军队。	1
I must admit to some degree of satisfaction at having been given some control over the emotions of someone who is my spiritual and intellectual superior oh, and physical, too, right?	我必须在一定程度上满足于对我的精神和智力上的优越者的情绪有某种控制——对吧，身体上也是如此？	1
In a couple of weeks the wind will blow most of those leaves away.	几周后，风将吹走大部分树叶。	1
In addition to the above facts, the graph also shows an overall symmetric opposition between VLC and its customers, and a smooth synergy between the customers and the competitors.	除了上述事实外，该图还显示了 VLC 与其客户之间的整体对称反对，以及客户与竞争对手之间的平稳协同。	0
In addition to the effects that the child may experience, drug use can have a number of negative effects on the mother as well.	除了儿童可能受到的影响外，吸毒也可能对母亲产生一些负面影响。	0
In all of its absurdity, it was a very real and scary situation.	在其荒谬的一切中，这是一个非常真实和可怕的情况。	1
In all our contacts we warn about the dangers on the horizon, in terms of killing, violence and destruction.	在我们的所有接触中，我们都警告在杀戮，暴力和破坏方面的潜在危险。	1
I need a chapter full of them ASAP!	我需要尽快的一个充满它们的章节！	2
In fact he thought it was just a late neighborhood walker.	事实上，他认为这只是一个很晚的街区徒步旅行者。	2
In his drunken state however, he had enough trouble standing up at all.	但在醉酒的状态下，他完全不能站起来。	0
In his rivalry with Chyhyryn deputy elder Chaplinski, Khmelnytskiy found no support from the crown but the enlisted the backing of Cossacks.	在他与奇赫里恩的副长老查普林斯基的竞争中，赫梅尔尼茨基没有得到王冠的支持，而是得到了科萨克的支持。	1
In it the church ended up with absolute power.	在这种情况下，教会最终以绝对的权力结束。	2
In many of my working years I have found woman like Hillary who have a cheating spouse that they truly love.	在我的许多工作年中，我发现像希拉里这样的女人有一个他们真正爱的欺骗配偶。	2
In many reports, almost all staff are necessary to buy necessary liability insurance.	在许多报告中，几乎所有工作人员都需要购买必要的责任保险。	0
In nine out of ten cases, I enjoy the brown sauce just as much as I enjoy the pink sauce, so I always get equal amounts of both.	在十种情况中，有九种情况下，我喜欢褐色酱，就像我喜欢粉色酱一样，所以我总是能得到同等数量的两种酱。	2
I nodded and forced a grin on my face.	我点头，强迫我的脸上有一个笑容。	1
In one of my rare idiotic moments of complete utter bad timing, I thought if I sang to her it would calm her down.	在我罕见的完全不好时机的非神性时刻之一，我想如果我向她唱歌，它会使她平静下来。	2
In public policy matters, the concept of performance measurement is a key component to making progress in most policy fields.	在公共政策问题上，业绩计量的概念是在大多数政策领域取得进展的关键组成部分。	0
In September 2010 Max Bank merged with Skælskør Bank, following which it became a significant regional bank in the southern and western parts of Zealand.	2010 年 9 月，马克斯银行与 Skælskør 银行合并，随后成为新西兰南部和西部的一家重要区域银行。	0
In simple terms its cooling down and to say its billions of years old is foolish.	简单地说，它的冷却和数十亿年的历史是愚蠢的。	2
In so far as this is a democracy where the power comes from the people, they have been given the mandate to exercise it and I congratulate them.	就这一民主制度而言，权力来自人民，他们被授权行使这一权力，我向他们表示祝贺。	0
Instruct the client to stay there until help arrives.	指示客户留在那里，直到帮助到达。	2
In television, The Sopranos and The West Wing competed again for best drama along with Six Feet Under, The Shield and 24.	在电视上，索普拉诺斯和西翼再次争夺最佳剧情，包括 6 英尺以下，盾和 24 英尺以下。	2
Interestingly, the characteristics of the water moving over the dam are the same regardless of the size of the dam.	有趣的是，水在水坝上流动的特点是相同的，无论水坝的大小如何。	1
Internet transmission of music to the public, even when received by someone who is listening at home, is a public performance for which permission is needed from the owner of the copyright in the musical work.	向公众传送音乐的互联网，即使是在家中听音乐的人也是一种公共表演，需要音乐作品版权所有者的许可。	1
In the case at bar, the treaty operated without the aid of any legislation so it was applied and given authoritative effect by the court.	在律师协会的案件中，该条约在没有任何立法的情况下运作，因此该条约得到了法院的适用和授权。	2
In the meantime I also got a lot of positive feedback, recommendations and even more questions from current clients.	与此同时，我也收到了来自当前客户的大量正面反馈，建议和更多问题。	0
In the past, some people had to live in residential care or in a hospital because they could not manage to live by themselves.	过去，有些人不得不住在寄宿照料机构或医院，因为他们无法靠自己生活。	1
In this final rule the declaration of this nutrient must be on a separate line, immediately under the declaration for saturated fat, but it would not include a percent daily value.	在这一最后规则中，这种营养物质的申报必须在一条单独的线上，即在饱和脂肪的申报中，但它不包括每日百分比值。	1
Invention as you mean it is the realm of fantasy I think.	我认为，发明就是幻想的领域。	0
In what has to be the most bizarre strategy in the history of politics the Republicans have chosen to hope for economic disaster.	在政治史上最奇怪的战略中，共和党选择了经济灾难的希望。	1
I only rode to the back of a 7 acre pasture and back but I got to jog a little and nothing hurt!!!	我只骑到 7 英亩的牧场的后面，然后回来，但我只能慢跑一点，没有什么伤害！！！	1
I passed the exam in my first attempt eventually.	我在第一次考试中最终通过了考试。	1
I really love the long chapters and the detail you put into them.	我真的很喜欢长章和你给它们的细节。	1
I really wish we could find out who they were and what their agenda was, AND what happened to them.	我真的希望我们能够了解他们是谁，他们的议程是什么，以及他们发生了什么。	1
I remember driving up to the house, which was ghostly white in the moon and starlight, and seeing the dark windows staring out at me and the dim forest in the background.	我记得开车到房子，那房子在月亮和星光下都是可怕的白色，看到黑暗的窗户对着我，在背景下是昏暗的森林。	2
I remember reading a little story about God and Satan watching some saint.	我记得我读了一个关于神和撒旦的小故事，看着一些圣人。	1
I saw Patty Duke and George Takei at the local Social Security Administration office!	我在当地的社会保障管理局办公室看到了帕蒂 · 杜克和乔治 · 武吉！	0
I see future as the people in this province.	我把未来视为该省的人民。	2
Is it something else or other hidden underlining issues that restricted the Department of Accounting not to extend this specific academic service closer to populace of member countries?	是否有其他或其他隐藏的突出问题限制了会计部不将这一具体的学术服务扩大到更接近成员国民众的范围？	1
I snorted and rolled my eyes, settling myself next to him on the bed, tucking the cover round myself as I reached for my book.	我打了打鼾，翻了眼睛，把自己放在他旁边的床上，当我找到书的时候，我自己把封面围起来。	2
I softly made him release the back of the chair and held his hands in mine.	我轻轻地让他释放了椅子的背部，把手握在我的身上。	1
I strongly recommend the Internship experience to anyone considering further studies in Earth Sciences.	我强烈建议任何考虑进一步研究地球科学的人都能获得实习经验。	0
It can therefore be difficult to research all the options in detail in the timescales available.	因此，很难在可用的时间表中详细研究所有选项。	1
It defines clearly and well the processes involved in managing this diverse nation, utilizing the past only as it relates to the present and future.	它明确和完善地界定了管理这一多样化国家所涉及的进程，只利用过去与现在和未来有关的情况。	1
It draws them out and helps them to think through their own thoughts on the subject.	它将他们吸引出来，并帮助他们思考自己对该主题的想法。	1
It ends up in shaving cream helping to prevent ingrown hairs.	它最终会被剃须膏所掩盖，有助于防止毛发向内生长。	1
It had all started when he was 7, and his mom took him to see a revival of Evita at a theatre in Columbus.	这一切都始于他 7 岁时，他的妈妈带他去哥伦布的一家剧院看 Evita 的复兴。	1
It had been too long now, too many secret glances and midnight meetings.	现在太长了，太多的秘密玻璃和午夜会议。	2
I think that the problem with these churches is that they actually think that a large number of people impresses somebody.	我认为这些教堂的问题是，他们实际上认为有很多人给某人留下了深刻的印象。	1
I think this is at least bookmark worthy and should be able to help you find a library whenever you need one, even if its just so that you can find a cozy chair to read in.	我认为这至少是一个书签，它应该能够帮助你在你需要的时候找到一个图书馆，即使它只是为了你能找到一个舒适的椅子来阅读。	1
I think we can pretty much say this statement of yours was bullshit, Steve...	我想我们几乎可以说你的这一说法是斗牛，史蒂夫……	2
I thought perhaps I had one at home as I remembered having numerous SATA cables.	我以为我家里有一条，因为我记得有很多 SATA 电缆。	1
I thought that the original was so good, but the newer version is not.	我以为原稿很好，但新版本不是。	2
I threw the door open without any concern for Tullo as the sunlight poured in.	当阳光洒进来的时候，我把门打开了，对图洛一点也不担心。	0
It is a great story of a girl, Keelie, that lost her Mother and is having to move with her estranged Father who spends his summers traveling the Renaissance Faire circuit .	这是一个很棒的故事，一个女孩凯莉，她失去了母亲，不得不和她那位奇怪的父亲一起去，他的暑假是在文艺复兴时期的费尔赛道上度过的。	1
It is a very basic question, whether private information about a person should be released by statute or by permission.	这是一个非常基本的问题，关于个人的私人信息是否应该通过法规或允许发布。	1
It is characteristic of science that the full explanations are often seized in their essence by the percipient scientist long in advance of any possible proof.	科学的特点是，充分的解释往往是在任何可能的证据之前很久被原生科学家抓住的实质。	1
It is great get away and very affordable accommodation.	这是一个很棒的度假地，价格也很合理。	0
It is great to read that you would like to clean up the bay as that is exactly what our meet up group sets out to do.	很高兴知道您希望清理海湾，因为这正是我们的会面小组所要做的。	1
It is not clear that persons who do not earn any income have any obligation to collect payroll taxes on themselves.	不清楚没有收入的人是否有义务自己收取工资税。	1
It is not known whether sitagliptin is secreted in human milk.	目前还不知道是否有人用母乳分泌过西塔脂。	2
It is often hard to tell a client what to wear.	通常很难告诉客户要穿什么。	1
It is the site of our county ambulance company and also the District Health Department #10.	这是我们县救护车公司和 10 区卫生局的所在地。	0
It just gives them the opportunity to make their pitch.	它只是给他们机会做出他们的宣传。	1
It made a soft cough when he landed.	他着陆时，它发出了轻缓的咳嗽声。	2
It may not have been live, but who can trust the media to replay that at a later time as the police confrontation was played?	这种情况可能没有发生过，但谁能相信媒体在警察冲突发生后再重播这种情况？	1
It means that clothes clearly made for young girls are weaving in sexual characteristics, most often emphasizing the look of breasts, or drawing attention to the buttocks.	这意味着，明显为年轻女孩制作的衣服是以性特征编织的，最常见的是强调乳房的外观，或引起人们对臀部的注意。	2
It must be presumed that Congress was aware of the existing practice when it enacted Title VII.	必须假定国会在颁布第七编时意识到现行做法	0
It provides educational opportunities to persons like you who wish to study further and qualify for a better tomorrow.	它为像您这样希望进一步学习并有资格获得更美好明天的人提供了教育机会。	0
Its approximately forty minutes from Krakow From Auschwitz if you travel by road.	从奥斯威辛到克拉科夫（ Krakow ）大约 40 分钟路程，如果您是公路旅行的话。	1
It s a simple roast chicken with a stuffing of my own devising.	这是一种简单的烤鸡，有着我自己的设计。	1
It seemed he needed to learn the meaning of the word.	他似乎需要了解这个词的含义。	0
Its main purpose is to create new methods of management, organization and communication and anticipate the evolution of the professions in the cultural field.	其主要目的是创造新的管理，组织和交流方法，并预测文化领域专业的演变。	1
It sort of felt like you rushed the ending after the whole scene where Riddle confesses though.	感觉你在整个场景结束后匆忙地结束了，尽管里德尔让人感到很困惑。	2
It supports both the residential training programs and the distance education programs of the DLIFLC, including assistance to command language programs.	它支持地方培训中心的寄宿培训方案和远距离教育方案，包括对指挥语言方案的援助。	1
It takes just a moment to send a personal note of recognition for a thoughtful paper review.	只需花一点时间就可以发送个人认可书，以进行深思熟虑的纸质评论。	2
It was a cave, and a stone covered the niche within which the body of the dead was lying.	这是一个洞穴，一颗石头覆盖着死者尸体所处的小路。	2
It was accurately stated that Russia had not occupied the old fort of Sarakhs.	有人准确地说，俄罗斯没有占领萨拉克古堡。	0
It was a little awkward at first but was fun.	起初有点尴尬，但很有趣。	0
It was in Trenchtown that Brother Bob would begin his musical journey with his Rastafari brothers Peter Tosh and Bunny Wailer.	正是在特伦奇敦，鲍勃兄弟将与他的拉斯塔法里兄弟彼得 · 托什和布尼 · 韦尔开始他的音乐之旅。	1
It will then go on to install normally.	然后，它将继续正常安装。	0
It would be nice if they offered better terms to small publishers but you could always choose not to go with them at all.	如果他们能给小出版商提供更好的条件，那就更好了，但你总是可以选择不跟他们一起去。	2
It ya of the higher marks of commercial and residential (house) apparatuses of fitness designed to satisfy all the budgets.	这是为满足所有预算而设计的商业和住宅（住宅）公寓的较高分数。	2
I've only been doing this 3 weeks but already it is helping me with my weight loss and toning.	我只做了 3 周的训练，但已经在帮助我减轻体重和提高体重。	2
I wait a few minutes to see the voice mail show up.	我等了几分钟才看到语音邮件出现。	0
I want to make sure this story is good.	我想确保这个故事是好的。	1
I want you to fill your homes and rooms with all matters quirky and kitsch.	我希望你在你的家和房间里充满一切古怪和俗气的东西。	2
I was in love with the idea of discovering who I was and what I wanted.	我爱上了发现我是谁以及我想要什么的想法。	2
I went into the image correction options and played with the luminance and chroma sliders.	我进入了影像修正选项，并使用亮度和色度滑块进行了播放。	1
I went to watch this episode and lo and behold what came on was Craig Ferguson, a Scots comedian who was in Florida.	我去看了这一集，看了发生的事情，克雷格 · 弗格森，一个苏格兰喜剧演员，在佛罗里达。	2
I wish that you were here- I think that you would benefit from being a part of an archaeological dig.	我希望你在这里 - 我认为你会从考古挖掘中受益。	2
I wish you all a wonderful remainder of the summer and hope to contribute to Expatica in the manner you are used to.	我祝愿你们在夏天度过美好的时光，并希望以你们习惯的方式为 Expatica 作出贡献。	2
I wonder if Demetri and Gianna really knew what they were volunteering for...	我想知道 Demetri 和 Gianna 是否真的知道他们的志愿服务是什么 ...	1
I work in cable TV/media operations for the Community Affairs Department of the City of Troy, Michigan.	我在密歇根州特洛伊市社区事务部的有线电视 / 媒体运营部门工作。	0
I would also like to thank Intel for their close partnership with TEL this year.	我还要感谢英特尔今年与 TEL 的密切合作。	0
I would desire to see even much more of these types of great writing.	我希望看到更多这类伟大的文章。	0
I would feel extremely Insecure if I stopped Earning; even if I had sufficient bank balance to lean upon.	如果我停止盈利，我会感到非常不安全；即使我有足够的银行余额可以依靠。	1
I would like to learn more about techniques of investigating the paranormal.	我想更多地了解调查偏执的技巧。	2
I would think that would be the biggest contributor to women taking on more male dominated roles as well as the feminist movement.	我认为，这将是妇女承担更多男性主导角色以及女权运动的最大贡献。	1
Jargon is so often a matter of Showing the Flag - counter productive.	术语通常是展示旗标的问题 - 反效果。	2
Joan paused and looked up meeting his grey eyes.	Joan 停下来，抬头看着他的灰色眼睛。	0
John Kalinich, Chief Operating Officer of Teva Sport Sandals has been pleased with the results of direct mail.	Teva Sport Sandals 首席运营官 John Kalinich 对直邮结果感到满意。	0
Just as flexible as the wood it came from, and a lot tougher!	就像它来自木材一样灵活，而且更难！	2
Just burn them in an ol burner or place in a diffuser like incense or buy incense with these herbs in it..	只需将它们燃烧在一个燃烧器中或放在一个扩散器（如香）中，或用这些香草购买香。	2
Just one thing annoys me about this story.	有一件事让我对这个故事感到烦恼。	1
Keep an eye out for our special theme music nights...	留意我们的特殊主题音乐之夜 ...	1
Keep in mind what tinnitus is and what its causes may be.	请记住什么是耳鸣及其原因。	1
Larissa stopped paying attention at that point, and sat quietly waiting for the feast to begin.	拉里萨此时停止了关注，静静地坐着等待盛宴开始。	1
Lastly find a friend to go with you.	最后找一个朋友和你一起去。	0
Learn more about the dangers of the pasteurization process and the benefits of raw milk.	进一步了解杀菌过程的危险和生奶的好处。	0
Leaving the brutal Elemental Nations for Japan clearly made him lose his edge and losing something was the best way for him to realize that.	把野蛮的元素国留给日本显然使他失去了优势，失去了某种东西是他实现这一目标的最佳途径。	2
Left Alfar back left towards the top of the GL2 are the indicators for the manual left and right controls with the dials located on the back.	左后向左向左向 GL2 顶部是手动左右控制的指示灯，刻度盘位于背面。	2
Lemma: Let X and Y be elements in a partial order such that X and Y are not comparable under the partial order.	Lemma ：让 X 和 Y 以部分顺序成为元素，这样 X 和 Y 在部分顺序下不可比较。	2
Let us pray we have courage to face the reality.	让我们祈祷我们有勇气面对现实。	1
Liberty for Iran will be the work of the Iranian people themselves.	伊朗的自由将是伊朗人民自己的工作。	2
Like his companion, his sole object had been to study the disaffected and dangerous classes of England and other countries as thoroughly as possible, and he shook his head and kept his seat.	他和他的同伴一样，唯一的目的是尽可能彻底地研究英格兰和其他国家的受破坏和危险的阶级，他摇头，保持自己的位置。	2
Like with any other things, the price for café chairs vary greatly from very cheap to very expensive.	和其他任何东西一样，咖啡椅的价格从非常便宜到非常昂贵，差别很大。	0
Little wonder so much cash has been flowing into real estate.	难怪如此多的现金流入房地产。	0
Livingstone and others continued to portray it instead as a bureaucratic disaster that arose from an outdated Secret Service list.	利文斯通和其他人继续将其描绘成一场官僚灾难，这场灾难源于过时的特工人员名单。	1
Liz Perks was a teenage motorbike rider and she loved the motorways.	Liz Perks 是一名十几岁的摩托车骑手，她喜欢高速公路。	0
Looking for a freelance Business services job in Bradford?	在布拉德福德寻找自由职业商务服务职位？	0
Love it and cant wait for you to update it!	很喜欢这里，迫不及待想要更新了！	0
Low Impact Development Coal in their stockings Jon Barsanti December 31, 2010 Yesterday there were two articles published that were disconnected and should have been connected.	2010 年 12 月 31 日，他们的库存中的低影响发展煤炭 Jon Barsanti 昨天发布了两篇文章，它们已经断开连接，应该已经连接。	1
Mali grew famous due to their immense riches obtained through trade with the Arab world, and the legendary hajj of Mansa Musa.	马里因其与阿拉伯世界的贸易所获得的巨大财富以及著名的曼萨 · 穆萨哈吉而闻名。	0
Many American colonists understood the replacement of wilderness with domestic crops to serve a divine plan to replace the savage people of the New World with civilized Christians.	许多美国殖民者认为用国内作物取代荒野是一个神圣的计划，用文明的基督徒取代新世界的野蛮人民。	2
Many compounds that enter the body of an organism are known to cause damage to DNA.	许多进入生物体的化合物已知会对 DNA 造成损害。	1
Many male health workers work with delivering babies and this is not appreciated, nor culturally accepted, among women who may not choose to deliver their babies at the hospital.	许多男性卫生工作者从事婴儿分娩工作，而这在可能不选择在医院分娩的妇女中是不受重视的，也是文化上不被接受的。	1
Marcus had given up his everything to live out in the wilderness with Esca and his people.	马库斯放弃了一切，与埃斯加和他的人民在野外生活。	0
Margaret began acting in The Edge of Night as a heiress and former terrorist, her character had seven murder attempts, but continued with a longer stint on As the World Turns ...	玛格丽特开始作为一名继承人和一名前恐怖分子在夜幕边缘活动，她的性格有七次谋杀企图，但随着世界的发展，她的性格继续保持着较长的时间。	2
Mark nods before continuing on with the role call.	在继续角色呼叫之前标记节点。	2
Math Can you please explain what the quad formula is?	数学能不能解释什么是四方程式？	0
Mattel also to add film violating that they are much only have different internet electoral than that only few album.	另外，马特尔还补充说，他们的网络选举与这张专辑中的少数几张相比相差甚远。	1
May be it would be good to mention such literature sothat interested people have access to more sources?	如果有兴趣的人能够获得更多的资料来源，那么提及这些文献是否好？	1
Maybe spend a little time in the Orleans or Gold Coast next time, see if you get their attention?	也许下次在奥尔良或黄金海岸花一点时间，看看您是否关注他们？	2
Mexican Red Bird of Paradise flower lives up to its name with incredibly showy blossoms of orange and red.	墨西哥红鸟天堂花与它的名字一样，它有着令人难以置信的橘红色花。	1
Michiru jerked away with a blush when she realized how close she had gotten to Haruka.	当米西鲁意识到自己距离哈鲁卡有多近的时候，她用一个小的嘘声把她打走了。	1
Miller said it is too early to know what if any sections of the Federal Power Act could come into play in this complicated situation.	米勒表示，如果《联邦权力法》的任何条款能够在这种复杂的情况下发挥作用，现在还不知道该怎么办。	1
Minutes later he saw the bats flying away.	几分钟后，他看到蝙蝠飞走了。	0
Mix the flour and the cinnamon powder together on a flat plate.	将面粉和肉桂粉混合在平盘上。	1
Modern suction dredges are much more efficient at extracting smaller gold than the bucket line dredges.	现代的吸气挖泥在提取较小的黄金时比桶系挖泥更有效。	2
Monash attracts international students from around the world who offer a diversity of input that enriches the learning experience for all students.	莫纳什吸引了来自世界各地的国际学生，他们提供了丰富的学习体验，为所有学生提供了丰富的投入。	1
Money become their master and let the money control their lives.	钱成为他们的主人，让钱控制他们的生活。	1
Mormons believe in a God who is fairly easy to understand.	摩门斯相信一个很容易理解的神。	2
Most often this decision came about due to public misconceptions and a lack of information that you were made aware of.	这一决定通常是由于公众误解和缺乏让您意识到的信息而做出的。	1
Most of those who were taken to the military bases for interrogation, told us that there was always a helicopter on standby and for those who died, their bodies were being taken to the helicopter.	大多数被带到军事基地接受审讯的人告诉我们，总是有一架直升机待命，而对于那些死亡的人，他们的尸体被带到直升机上。	1
Mouse and Bear followed the instructions carefully to prepare the soil properly for our little Jiffy greenhouse.	老鼠熊按照指示小心地为我们的小吉菲温室适当地准备土壤。	1
Mr. Abdelaziz has recently returned from Egypt where he served six years as the Project Financial Manager for the construction of a $400 million new campus at the American University in Cairo.	阿卜杜拉齐兹先生最近从埃及返回，在那里担任项目财务经理六年，负责在开罗美国大学建造一个价值 4 亿美元的新校园。	0
Ms. Novak said that she could specify this more in the report, but she thought that just because it was a foursquare did not necessarily make it good for landmark.	Novak 女士说，她可以在报告中更详细地说明这一点，但她认为，仅仅因为它是一个四方形的广场，并不一定能成为一个里程碑。	1
Much depends on the size of the parish.	很大程度上取决于教区的大小。	0
Much easier to see then inside the boat!	比在船上更容易看到！	2
My father was appearing in public with the Times critic who had praised my direction.	我的父亲公开露面，与那些赞扬我的指示的《时代》评论家在一起。	2
My favourite scene from the movie The Painted Veil.	我最喜欢的电影《画的面纱》的场景。	2
My first fanfic is in the universe of Avatar: The Last Airbender.	我的第一个迷是阿凡达的宇宙：最后一个爱尔本德。	2
My goal is to be paid professionally for acting and Photography by the end of the year.	我的目标是在年底之前获得表演和摄影专业报酬。	0
Myself and Scottie Powers of Team Marlow each killed one long beard.	马洛车队的我和斯科特蒂的力量各杀了一条长胡子。	2
Named after the monstrous wolf who was to devour Odin when Ragnarok came.	以拉格纳罗克来时要吞食奥丁的那只怪兽狼命名。	2
Name Mail (will not be published) Website Submit comment Related Material Related Material Hide Related Material Profile: Rachel Botsman Rachel Botsman writes, consults and speaks on the collective power of community.	姓名邮件（将不会发布）网站提交评论相关材料隐藏相关材料档案： Rachel Botsman Rachel Botsman 撰写，咨询并谈论社区的集体力量。	2
Nancy, from New York, changed her plea to no contest and was immediately sentenced to 6 months in prison by Magistrate Judge Stephen Hyles.	来自纽约的 Nancy 将她的请求改为无异议，并立即被治安法官 Stephen Hyles 判处 6 个月监禁。	0
Naruto too saw now two figures coming out of the forest.	纳鲁托现在也看到了两位来自森林的人物。	2
National Novel Writing Month is a yearly challenge organized by Chris Baty.	国家小说写作月是由克里斯 · 巴蒂组织的年度挑战。	1
Networks All Networks businesses performed well, benefiting from sound cost control programs and solid revenue growth.	网络所有网络业务都表现良好，得益于合理的成本控制计划和稳定的收入增长。	1
New Players in January i hope but would be surprised if this board change their policy.	我希望今年 1 月的新球员们，但如果这个董事会改变他们的政策，我会感到惊讶。	2
Newsletters that deliver regular entertainment and education to your customers also can carry advertising for your products or advertising that other merchants pay to include in your newsletter.	为客户提供定期娱乐和教育的新闻简报也可以为您的产品或其他商家付费的广告包含在您的新闻简报中。	2
N hope he appreciates good people in the future the might wanna help him!!	n 希望他能欣赏未来可能想要帮助他的优秀人才！！	1
Nobody knows that these bad ass gangsta boys are really fucking and sucking each other!	没有人知道这些坏黑帮男孩真的是互相引信和互相吸力！	2
Nonetheless, she was sure that it was the best one she had in months.	尽管如此，她确信这是她几个月来最好的一次。	0
No one is reported to have been hurt in the incident.	没有人在事件中受伤的报道。	2
No part of these characters belong to me not even the motion lotion in Severus' pockets, if I did own them be sure they would be part of my own twisted reality.	这些人物的任何部分都不属于我，甚至连塞韦鲁斯口袋里的运动乳液也不属于我，如果我拥有这些人物，一定要确保它们会成为我自己扭曲现实的一部分。	2
No pets are allowed in the basketball area.	篮球场不允许携带宠物。	0
Normally your MPF scheme will have governing rules providing for the payment, vesting and withdrawal of benefits accrued from voluntary contributions paid for your employees' benefit.	通常，您的强积金计划会有规管规则，规定支付，实际授予和收回因为雇员福利而支付的自愿供款而产生的福利。	2
Not all countries in the southern Africa region have a similar history.	南部非洲地区并非所有国家都有类似的历史。	1
Not all engravings, like wood cuts and etchings, have a hollow surface but one can see clearly printed lines on the surface or even feel them when caressing an etching.	并非所有雕刻，如木切和蚀刻，都有空心表面，但在表面可以看到清晰的印刷线，甚至可以在修剪蚀刻时感觉到它们。	1
Not enough so that her life was actually in danger, but enough that there was no way in hell she should have been left alone for as long as she was.	这还不够，她的生命实际上处于危险之中，但也足够了，她不应该在地狱里被单独地呆了这么长时间。	2
Notice of such chapters was given in the Rosary Magazine from the time of its inception in the last quarter of the nineteenth century.	《罗斯里杂志》从 19 世纪最后一个季度开始就对这类章节作出了通知。	1
Not only were my efforts ineffective in drowning out the fake cicadian rhythm, but Hubs had started up again with the ol' lumberjack routine.	我的努力不仅在淹没假的卡西奥节奏方面没有效果，而且胡布斯也重新开始了奥尔的伐木程序。	2
Now do you want to know who he is well it is me my spirit my soul my inner self.	现在你想知道他是谁，我的灵魂是我的灵魂，我的内在自我。	2
Obama may be a genius in the American context if only because he has persuaded more than 60 million Americans to vote for him on two occasions.	奥巴马在美国可能是一个天才，如果他两次说服了 6000 多万美国人投票支持他的话。	0
Observer CAAP concurs with the addition of the function of the Observer into the continued examination of issues in the airline restructuring process.	CAAP 观察员同意在继续审查航空公司重组过程中的问题时增加观察员的职能。	1
Of course people without means are envious of those with.	当然，没有经济能力的人对那些有经济能力的人是羡慕的。	1
Often we would be briefed on one hundred enemy aircraft in an area and would actually meet twice as many.	我们常常会听取一个地区 100 架敌方飞机的情况介绍，实际上会举行两倍多的会议。	2
Olaguer only shares some of his profile information, activities and applications with friends.	Olaguer 只与朋友分享他的一些个人资料信息，活动和应用程序。	0
Older liberalism as the ruling principle of its society.	古老的自由主义是其社会的统治原则。	0
One can never go wrong having safety in mind.	牢记安全永远不会出错。	2
One could put me in the emergency room, sure, but the other could just as easily land me in a mental ward.	当然，我可以把我放在急诊室里，但另一个也可以把我放在精神病房里。	2
One line up of drivers who will take a breathalizer before taking their cars off the Ferry.	一队司机将在将汽车从渡船上下来之前先呼吸一下。	2
One of the most intriguing is the NASA Space Mission Control used for mission planning for the Mars Rover.	其中最有趣的是用于火星车飞行任务规划的美国航天局空间飞行任务控制系统。	1
One railway worker said she had to help a distressed older passenger leave the train, because he did not realise he had to lower the window and turn the handle from the outside to get off.	一名铁路工人说，她不得不帮助一名年长者离开火车，因为他没有意识到他必须降低窗户，从外面转动把手才能下车。	1
On game night, spend a period in prime location at STAPLES Center ice level to catch all of the action during an exciting Kings home game.	在比赛之夜，在斯台普斯中心冰面的黄金位置度过一段时间，在一场激动人心的国王主场比赛中捕捉所有的动作。	2
On only two other occasions in the last nine years has Reverend Moon addressed the conference.	在过去九年中，文牧师在会议上只发表了两次讲话。	0
On return to university, they wrote a reflective placement report which described their experiences living and working in a new environment and which also described the company, its structure and its work.	回到大学后，他们撰写了一份反思性的安置报告，描述了他们在新环境中生活和工作的经验，还描述了公司，公司结构和工作。	2
Opportunities may however arise from woodland planting on biodiversity poor sites and the consequent creation of ecological networks.	然而，在生物多样性贫困地区种植林地和由此产生的生态网络可能会带来机会。	0
Order has been restored but most of north...	秩序已经恢复，但大部分都在北部……	1
Organise administration and expenses for the Network Team.	组织网络团队的管理和费用。	0
Or I could wait until someone restores it back to normal.	或者我可以等到有人恢复正常。	0
Other fighters will engage in quiet meditation or prayer.	其他战士将进行静悄悄的冥想或祈祷。	1
Our action tonight is simply a sad confirmation of that.	我们今晚的行动只是对这一情况的可悲证实。	1
Our cabin was ready and we dropped off our carry on luggage and went to explore the ship.	我们的机舱已经准备好，我们放下了随身行李，前往探索这艘船。	1
Our children are all uniquely gifted with individual sets of talents and abilities that make them the very special people they are!	我们的孩子都有独特的天赋和能力，使他们成为非常特殊的人！	0
Our commitment to excellence is at the focal point of our...	我们对卓越的承诺是我们 ...	1
Our communication aims To ensure that local people and stakeholders are aware of our vision and plans for the future.	我们的沟通旨在确保当地人民和利益相关者了解我们对未来的愿景和计划。	0
Our Practice Nurse also holds a session at Sapcote once a month.	我们的执业护士也每月在 Sapcote 举行一次会议。	2
Our Quality Management System ensures consistency in all aspects of our operation and the quality of our products.	我们的质量管理体系确保了我们运营的各个方面的一致性以及我们产品的质量。	0
Our readership is now worldwide via the World Wide Web.	我们的读者现在通过万维网遍布全球。	0
Over the last decade we computerized this test to improve the speed of attaining the results and presented the results of our work to the scientific community in 1996.	在过去十年中，我们将这一测试计算机化，以提高取得结果的速度，并于 1996 年向科学界介绍了我们的工作成果。	0
Pain at present, pain in general and pain at worst were measured on visual analogue scales.	目前的疼痛，一般疼痛和最坏疼痛都是用视觉模拟尺度来测量的。	1
Papenburg is located close to the river Ems and the Dutch border.	Papenburg 酒店靠近 EMS 河和荷兰边境。	1
Participating nurses will enter names of patients with an appointment for the following day and place the PDA in a special recharging cradle just before they leave the office.	参加培训的护士将输入预约第二天的患者姓名，并在他们离开办公室前将 PDA 放在一个特殊的充电座上。	1
Past president of Georgia Cattlewomen Association and cattle farmer, Carla Payne Kelsoe, is a Calhoun native who has a passion for agriculture and the promotion of beef.	格鲁吉亚 Cattlewomen Association 的前任主席和牛农 Carla Payne Kelsoe 是一名 Calhoun 本地人，对农业和牛肉的推广充满热情。	1
Peace Media Service subscriptions are on a sliding scale.	和平媒体服务的订阅规模正在逐步扩大。	0
Penticton would get the games first powerplay but it was Jonathan Milhouse who had the best chance, Milhouse one on one was stopped by Bonar.	彭蒂克顿将获得第一个 PowerPlay ，但最好的机会是乔纳森 · 米尔豪斯，米尔豪斯一对一被邦纳尔拦住。	2
People need to pull together, but we all know one party that will not do that.	人们需要团结起来，但我们都知道有一个政党不会这样做。	1
People think it prevents crime, but perhaps it actually only makes us feel safer, as there is less unknown.	人们认为它可以预防犯罪，但实际上它只能让我们感到更安全，因为人们对它的了解较少。	1
Perhaps Bkk Post or Nation had a piece on it too?	也许《曼谷邮报》或《国家》也有一个问题？	0
Petitioners filed separate civil actions requesting, inter alia, an injunction barring the government from obtaining an indictment against petitioners for engaging in collusive activity in the parcel tanker shipping ser vices market.	请愿人提出了单独的民事诉讼，除其他外，要求禁止政府对请愿人提出起诉，因为他们在包裹油轮运输服务市场从事串通活动。	2
Physically move nearer to the topic to get a much better picture.	从物理角度更接近主题，以获得更好的图片。	0
Pick pretty floral details to accent the party.	挑选漂亮的花卉细节来强调派对。	0
Pick up and drive to Shirdi, a sacred place on the banks of the River Godavari.	乘车前往 Shirdi ，这是 Godavari 河岸边的一个神圣之地。	0
Piled up newsprint of any kind is a horrid waste.	任何一种新药的堆积都是可怕的浪费。	2
Plaintiff has moved for leave to file a second amended complaint.	原告已申请许可提出第二次修正申诉。	0
Please send her articles via email or drop the information in her mailbox before the 1st of th month.	请在第 1 个月前通过电子邮件发送文章或将信息放入邮箱。	0
Politician are not dynamic and creative and therefore unable to invent new solutions to simple problems.	政治家不是充满活力和创造性的，因此无法为简单的问题找到新的解决办法。	1
Pope speaks, It is a real joy for us to welcome you all here to the very own house of the Eternal Father of the Christians.	教皇说，欢迎你们来到基督徒永恒之父的房子，这对我们来说是一种真正的喜悦。	0
Premarin Missed Dose Take the missed dose as soon as you remember then return to your regular dosing schedule.	在您记住之前，预 marin 未达到剂量即获取未达到的剂量，然后返回到常规剂量计划。	2
Pretty high praise coming from the right of all places.	来自所有地方的高度赞扬。	0
Promote your online business by means of totally free search results submitting and optimization.	通过完全免费的搜索结果提交和优化来促进您的在线业务。	1
Ray has held the position of Director of Conservation Finance at WCS for the past five years.	过去五年， Ray 一直担任 WCS 的保护财务总监。	2
Readers will also learn to recognise differences and when not to be assertive.	读者还将学会识别差异以及何时不自信。	0
Read here what the client said about the result.	在此处阅读客户对结果的评价。	0
Read these over every so often and never fail to get a chuckle out of them.	经常阅读这些内容，并且永远不会让它们变得闪闪发光。	2
Red Point Living in Squamish offers a total of 185 condominium residences in a variety of spacious two bedroom and two bedroom plus den floor plans as well as 33 two level townhomes.	位于 Squamish 的 Red Point 共有 185 个公寓式住宅，有多个宽敞的两卧室和两卧室，外加卧底平面图，还有 33 个两层的联排别墅。	2
Related research questions On what dates and in what cities were the first atomic bombs dropped?	关于第一批原子弹在哪些日期和城市投放的相关研究问题？	1
Relying on Hollywood techniques, Mendez became the master of disguise who could make a Soviet agent unrecognizable to a KGB associate.	凭借好莱坞的技术，门迪兹成为伪装的主人，他可能使一名苏联特工无法被克格勃的同伙识别。	1
Research Gallant GALLIGASKINS Galligaskins or gallygaskins were loose wide breeches worn by men in the 17th century.	GALLIGASKINS GALIGASKINS GALIGASKINS GALIGASKINS 或胆小黄瓜是 17 世纪男性佩戴的松散宽毛榉。	2
Results are discussed in terms of the importance of peer interaction in the development of social individuals anxiety, and the value of measuring both implicit and explicit FNE.	讨论的结果是，在社会个人焦虑的发展过程中，同侪互动的重要性，以及测量隐含和明示 FNE 的价值。	2
Revered as the single most lucid and comprehensive text for undergraduate labour courses.	被认为是本科劳动课程中最清晰，最全面的文本。	2
Risk passes to the AG as soon as the consignment has been delivered by miray to the person or institution decided to handle shipping.	一旦 Miray 将货物交付给决定处理运输的个人或机构，风险就会转移到 AG 。	1
Romford confirmed tournament victory earlier this month and will lift the seasons first silverware after the game.	罗姆福德在本月早些时候证实了锦标赛的胜利，并将在比赛后提升赛季的第一个银器。	2
Safely and speedily charges your device Material: ABS with PC fire prevention material.	安全，快速地为设备充电材料： ABS ，使用 PC 防火材料。	1
Samsung being the only one who could open an API to developers on their phones officially, does not make me smile yet.	三星是唯一一个能够在手机上正式向开发人员开放 API 的人，但这还没有让我笑。	2
Sam waited a moment or two to see if Amelia was going to explain their new locale.	Sam 等了一两分钟才知道 Amelia 是否要解释他们的新区域。	1
Sanchez took a menacing step toward her and Danny dived to help her, only to be swiped aside and his head connected with the metal edge of the bed.	Sanchez 朝她迈出了一步， Danny 努力帮助她，只是把他的头与床的金属边缘连在一起。	1
Sand Screen is a kind of sieving equipment of international advanced level, developed by our company on the basis of adopting the advantages of traditional screens and absorbing the outstanding technology from abroad.	砂网是一种国际先进的屏蔽设备，由我们公司在利用传统屏蔽的优势和吸收国外优秀技术的基础上开发。	0
Sasuke Uchiha opened his eyes, squinting as the bright sunlight of dawn hit his sensitive retinas as he sat on a random rooftop.	当他坐在一个随机的屋顶上时，佐斯克 · 乌奇哈打开了眼睛，在黎明的明亮阳光击中他敏感的视网膜时，他蹲了下。	1
Scattered about are psychedelic items of the paranormal kind.	散射的是偏执狂的迷幻物品。	2
Schools All of the schools are in the Town of Ramapo.	学校所有学校都在拉马波镇。	2
Schwebach had a highly developed sense of duty.	施韦巴赫有着高度成熟的责任感。	1
Second year support for all Exploratory Research Grants is contingent upon the submission and successful review of a Continuation Application.	对所有探索性研究补助金的第二年支持取决于是否提交并成功审查延续申请。	1
Seemingly, not a month goes by without some new invention being announced.	似乎没有一个月的时间没有宣布一些新发明。	2
Sephiroth and Tifa are so cute together even when they argue.	西菲罗特和蒂法即使在他们争辩时也是如此可爱。	0
Set an example of dignified, personal behaviour and cleanliness, and thus obtain the respect and obedience due the driver from all pupils.	树立尊严，个人行为和清洁的榜样，从而获得所有学生的尊重和服从。	1
Several club members were active climbing in the Peak District.	几名俱乐部成员正在山顶区进行攀岩活动。	0
She felt a sudden rush of wind as he quickly took off.	她感到突如其来的阵风，因为他很快就起飞了。	2
She felt herself unwillingly close her eyes at the comforting touch.	她感到自己不情愿地闭上眼睛，看着那种令人欣慰的感觉。	2
She had agreed not to tell him until he was old enough to understand or they moved back to Camelot.	她同意不告诉他，直到他年纪够大，能理解他，或者他们回到了卡梅洛特。	1
She is far more negative about it than Sita, although her situation seems somewhat more palatable.	她对这一问题的消极态度远比 Sita 要多，尽管她的处境似乎更令人可接受。	0
She is now the proud owner of Highlands Ranch Animal Clinic and especially enjoys surgery, exotic medicine and accupuncture.	她现在是高地牧场动物诊所的骄傲业主，特别喜欢手术，异国医药和针灸。	2
She is often portrayed with a sonic expression.	她常常被描绘成一种声波表达。	2
She leaned it on the balcony and the end of it wrapped itself around one railings while the bottom of the pole plunged spikes into the ground.	她把它靠在阳台上，它的末端环绕在一条栏杆上，而杆的底部则会向地面倾斜。	2
Shelving also provide maintenance and safe working load signs which are critical in avoiding rack collapse and are a requirement under the current Australian standards AS 4084.	货架还提供维护和安全工作负载标志，这对于避免货架倒塌至关重要，是澳大利亚现行 4084 标准的要求。	1
She now lives in Paris with Douglas Oliver, where they edit Gare du Nord together.	她现在住在巴黎，和道格拉斯 · 奥利弗一起编辑巴黎北站。	1
She put her bags and equipment in the trunk and hopped in next to Marius and Phoebe.	她把行李和设备放在行李箱里，然后跳入 Marius 和 Phoebe 旁边。	2
She put together my hope chest for when I am older and move out of the house.	她把我的希望胸膛放在一起，当我长大后搬出房子。	2
She quickly stood up and headed for the door, though she was stopped due to slamming her knee into the bed post.	她很快站起来，朝门开了头，但由于膝盖被摔入床柱而被拦住。	1
She seemed to be calculating several things over.	她似乎正在计算几件事。	2
She then continued onto The University of Western Ontario where she holds a Bachelor of Education degree with Distinction and is a certified member of the Ontario College of Teachers.	随后她继续进入安大略西部大学，在那里她拥有一个杰出的教育学士学位，并是安大略教师学院的认证成员。	1
She turned fully so she was now facing her.	她完全转身，现在正对着她。	2
She wanted to know if Quinn broke things when she got mad because it seemed like the girl had a temper.	她想知道，当克恩发疯的时候，她是不是坏了，因为她似乎是个女孩有脾气的人。	2
She was an orphan; her adoptive parents had been running a small taijutsu dojo for civilians after classes ended at her ninja school.	她是一个孤儿；她的养父母在她的忍者学校上课结束后，一直在为平民组织一个小型的泰朱特教。	2
She washed the dishes, wearing out her pink nails on the greasy pots and the bottoms of the pans.	她洗了盘子，在油腻的锅和锅底上戴着粉色的钉子。	2
She was very well versed in the law, as was her lawyer, who has appeared before the Supreme Court of Canada many times on human rights issues.	她和她的律师都非常精通法律，她曾多次就人权问题在加拿大最高法院出庭。	1
She went over to Ben and helped him lift Joe onto the bed.	她去了 Ben ，帮他把 Joe 抬到床上。	2
Should we set aside all the ongoing negotiations that we have with our first peoples?	我们是否应该搁置我们与第一批人民正在进行的所有谈判？	1
Showers are wetting areas from the eastern Carolinas southward to Florida.	从东卡罗来纳州向南到佛罗里达州，淋浴区正在湿润。	2
Simple decks are probably more suited to DIY than patios but your skills need to extend quite a bit further than putting up shelves.	简单的甲板可能比天井更适合 DIY ，但你的技能需要比放置货架更进一步。	0
Simply there is no other choice if you would change your life into that which your soul desires.	如果你想把自己的生活改变为你灵魂所渴望的生活，那就没有其他选择了。	1
Since then North Korea has been repeatedly engaging in words and actions that serve only to raise tensions.	此后，北朝鲜一再采取只会加剧紧张局势的言行。	0
Since the process of threshold trimming is rather complex it is done during factory calibration.	由于阈值修整过程相当复杂，因此在工厂校准期间完成。	1
Since we actually know the true value of µ in this special example, we can then check that approximately 95% of the confidence intervals do contain the true value of µ.	因为我们在这个特别的例子中确实知道 µ 的真实值，所以我们可以检查大约 95% 的置信区间确实包含 µ 的真实值。	1
Single cream and double cream all I wanted was half and half to put in my coffee so I had to mix milk and single cream together every morning!	单个奶油和双倍奶油——我只想把一半的咖啡放进去，所以我每天早上都要把牛奶和单个奶油混合在一起！	2
Small office desk in stb side of main saloon.	主沙龙 STB 侧的小型办公桌。	2
So do not expect heavy duty graphics programming to be discussed in this book.	因此，不要指望在本书中讨论大负荷图形编程。	2
So far, President Obama has acted more like a symbolic head of state like the Queen passing broad guidelines and concepts to her Prime Minister, than a President on a mission to enact a progressive, Democratic agenda.	到目前为止，奥巴马总统的行动更像是一位像女王这样的象征性国家元首，向她的总理传达了广泛的指导方针和概念，而不是一位总统执行一项渐进，民主的议程。	1
Some customers felt that they were not given the right amount of information on certain issues.	一些客户认为他们没有获得关于某些问题的正确数量的信息。	0
Some day it might happen that Carol would be confronted with the man whom she believed to be her father.	有一天，卡罗尔可能会面对她认为是她父亲的那个人。	1
Some of the best stories i have ever enjoyed reading have been written several months or more ago.	我最喜欢阅读的一些故事是几个月前或更早写的。	0
Someone had nicked the inside of my lip trying to bind me to them.	有人打了我嘴唇的内侧，试图把我绑在他们身上。	2
Some people get so wrapped up in their feelings about their situation that they do not objectively deal with the situation.	有些人对自己的处境感到很不了解，因此他们不能客观地处理这种情况。	0
Something so close to real that clicking a mouse button can cause thousands of real world actions to occur.	与真实如此接近的东西，单击鼠标按钮会导致数千次实际操作发生。	1
Sometimes I think he should stop off at the house and shower off the extra ranch hanging off him.	有时我认为他应该停下来在房子里洗澡，把他悬在另一个牧场上。	2
Sometimes I wonder if you ever knew how I truly felt about you?	有时我想知道你是否知道我对你的真实感受？	1
Sometimes our bodies heal more slowly than we would like, but with your positive attitude and energetic personality, I am sure you will be back with us in no time.	有时我们的身体愈合速度比我们想要的慢，但以你的积极态度和充满活力的个性，我相信你将在不会有时间的情况下与我们在一起。	1
Sometimes the grey cat waves his tail around me ...	有时，灰色的猫在我周围挥动他的尾巴 ...	1
SOMO has also conducted interviews with factory management.	SOMO 还与工厂管理层进行了访谈。	1
So much for your intellectual curiosity not to mention your rhetorical skills.	这对你的智力好奇心来说太多了，更不用说你的修辞技巧了。	2
So now I was probably suffering from tetanus, a mild strain of frog poisoning, late onset rabies and now malaria & dengue fever to boot.	所以现在我可能患有破伤风，一种轻微的青蛙中毒，晚期狂犬病，现在疟疾和登革热开始流行。	0
So our lawyer told me he would call me back to let me know if i could be with my wife Gabriella on the witness stand.	因此，我们的律师告诉我，他会给我回电话，让我知道我是否可以和我的妻子加布里埃拉一起在证人席上。	1
So sales indicate that none of this is happening?	因此，销售表明这种情况没有发生？	1
So the two of us went steady from there on.	所以我们两个人从那开始一直保持稳定。	0
So this is about the visit of the Indonesian Ministers.	这是关于印度尼西亚部长们的访问。	0
Spend some time with your accountant or advisor to fully understand the contents of your financial statements.	花些时间与会计或顾问一起充分了解您的财务报表的内容。	0
Stay clear on what you must have for highest performance.	保持清醒的认识，了解实现最高性能所必须具备的功能。	0
Step 5: Use it or lose it Only now should you consider doing the sorting.	步骤 5 ：如果您考虑进行排序，请使用或现在将其丢失。	1
Stiles did another look over the forest and bit the corner of his bottom lip thoughtfully.	斯蒂尔斯重新审视了森林，并仔细地钻了他的下唇的一角。	2
Stir in sour cream and next four ingredients.	用酸奶油和接下来的四种原料搅拌。	0
Strangers were generally surprised to find things so much beyond what they had heard, and were wont to tell others that the state of the town could not be conceived of by those who had not seen it.	陌生人通常会惊讶地发现他们所听到的事情远远超出他们所听到的范围，并且不会告诉其他人，那些没看过它的人不可能想象到这个城镇的状况。	2
Students can take the test more than once if the scores need improvement.	如果分数需要提高，学生可以多次参加测试。	0
Students will also be encouraged to develop eportfolios for storing and sharing information and work.	还将鼓励学生开发用于存储和共享信息和工作的 ePortfolio 。	1
Suddenly near the light there was a very fast yellow circle of light similar to a comet that turned over three times.	突然，在光源附近有一个非常快的黄色光圈，类似于一个旋转了三次的彗星。	2
Suddenly there was a crash from upstairs and he could hear the two voices so clearly that it was almost like they where in the same room.	突然，楼上发生了一场撞车，他能清楚地听到这两个声音，就像他们在同一个房间里一样。	1
Surely the Reds could see into the Cardinals bullpen, it is open.	当然，红雀们可以看到红雀们的牛，它是开放的。	2
Surely there is no more exquisite jointure in the anatomy of life than that at which poetry dovetails with the inevitable meal and Mrs. B. sits murmuring of avocados.	当然，在生命的解剖结构中，没有比诗歌与不可避免的食物相吻合，而 B 太太则在对鳄梨的谋杀中找到更精致的结合。	2
Surgery is usually the first treatment for melanoma.	手术通常是黑色素瘤的第一种治疗方法。	0
Take a well fitting shirt of your own, mail it in and have the measurements taken from it.	带上一件适合自己的衬衫，邮寄并从中获得测量结果。	2
Talking to people on FF is one of my favorite things to do.	与 FF 上的人交谈是我最喜欢做的事情之一。	0
Tammy yells as loudly as she can that the team won in spite of her.	尽管塔米在她的帮助下，她仍然大声喊叫着球队获胜。	2
Teaching and research in psychiatry as a part of other branches of medical sciences made the specialty more attractive to the newer generation of medical students.	作为医学其他分支机构的一部分，精神病学的教学和研究使这一专业对新一代医学学生更具吸引力。	1
Television The Swan River Valley has a variety of television options to satisfy almost everyone.	电视天鹅河谷（ Swan River Valley ）拥有多种电视选择，几乎满足每个人的需求。	0
Tens of thousands of people attend similar marches across Australia.	成千上万的人在澳大利亚各地参加类似的游行。	0
Tex brushed the bump on her head with her palm and groaned at the flare of pain.	Tex 用手掌刷了她头上的凸起，并对疼痛的光芒感到了阵痛。	2
That binaural beat has really helped me to become more organized.	双耳式心跳确实帮助我变得更有组织。	2
That means significantly more insects might be exterminated in a significantly more natural way.	这意味着更多的昆虫可能以更自然的方式灭绝。	0
That should hold her off for at least a day.	这应该使她至少有一天的时间。	1
That solo is a biyatch especially the extended versions from the Fair Warning tour!	这是一个生物样本，特别是来自公平警告之旅的扩展版本！	2
That way everyone would know what happened all those years ago.	这样，每个人都能知道多年前发生的事情。	0
That your family has held power is unquestioned.	你的家庭拥有权力是不容置疑的。	1
The 6870 is like just a tad bit slower than the 5870 so you could just take those results for it.	6870 比 5870 慢一点，所以你可以用这些结果来做。	1
The acquisition of clinical skills is provided in hospitals, general practices and community settings throughout Wales, for the entire five years of the course.	在整个五年的课程中，在威尔士的医院，一般做法和社区环境中提供临床技能的学习。	1
The Admin Team would be making the process happen instead of doing it themselves.	管理团队会让流程顺利完成，而不是自己完成。	1
The Alarm Viewer now handles alarm priority the same as in the Graphics view.	报警查看器现在处理报警优先级的方式与图形视图中的方式相同。	1
The All West Diving crew can supply you with detailed information about all of our unique dive sites.	All West Diving 船员可以为您提供有关我们所有独特潜水地点的详细信息。	0
The analysis of all units in the subset will yield a collection of values which can be used to construct a frequency distribution for that subset.	对子集中所有单位的分析将产生一组值，这些值可用于构建该子集的频率分布。	0
The Annual Monitoring Report includes an indicator on renewable energy, but data is not currently provided by all local authorities, nor requested in relation to all renewable technologies.	年度监测报告包括一项可再生能源指标，但目前并非所有地方当局都提供数据，也没有要求提供与所有可再生技术有关的数据。	1
The appointment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Ministry of Maori Policy and the General Manager of the Iwi Transition Agency are critical steps in this process.	The appointment of the Chief Executive Officer of the Ministry of Maori Policy and the General Manager of the Iwi Transition Agency are critical steps in this process.	2
The band of minstrels becomes known as the Electric Slugs.	心轴带被称为电闸。	2
The Bank of New York then became the Bank of the United States.	纽约银行随后成为美国银行。	1
The banks said that revealing the names would intrude the privacy of the borrowers and would not be in public interest.	银行表示，透露姓名会侵犯借款人的隐私，不符合公众利益。	0
The biggest surprise to Draco though was Narcissa Malfoy who was standing in a corner of the office.	但德拉科最大的惊喜是站在办公室角落的纳西萨 · 马尔福伊。	1
The bill directs each school board to develop a policy that does not allow bullying by pupils.	该法案指示每个学校董事会制定一项不允许学生欺凌的政策。	0
The bill would exempt fraternal and veterans groups.	该法案将免除兄弟和退伍军人团体的费用。	1
The Blues are bottom of Pool 6 after four defeats and will pick up only one point if they fail to finish above Sale, who are currently three points ahead in the table.	蓝调在四场失败后排在第 6 位，如果他们未能在目前排在第 3 位的销售赛上完成比赛，则只能获得一分。	2
The book has an international focus in that strategies are applied to firms doing business in different countries.	这本书的国际重点是将战略应用于在不同国家开展业务的公司。	1
The book is a good introduction to ancient writing systems.	这本书很好地介绍了古代的书写系统。	1
The bottom line is that because of the way we operate our finances we can avoid price fluctuations for much longer than normal charter operators.	底线是，由于我们的财务运作方式，我们可以避免价格波动的时间比正常的租船运营商长得多。	0
The Boy Scouts of America is a charter member and active participant.	美国童子军是一个宪章成员，也是积极的参与者。	0
The choir welcomes members from all sections of the community and sees diversity as a strength.	合唱团欢迎来自社会各界的成员，并认为多样性是一种力量。	1
The coarseness of his hands on the softness of her thighs made her whole body quiver in anticipation.	他的双手对大腿的柔软性的粗鲁感让她的全身都变得更安静了。	2
The complex has laundry facilities and offers guests free parking for one car.	酒店设有洗衣设施，为客人提供一辆车的免费停车。	1
The complexity and volume of information cannot be an excuse for failing to properly read and understand the financial statements.	信息的复杂性和数量不能成为不正确阅读和理解财务报表的借口。	0
The conference also highlights the varying positions and perceptions of different interest groups regarding a given social problem and their individual solutions.	会议还强调了不同利益集团对特定社会问题及其个别解决办法的不同立场和看法。	0
The couple had filed their case in 2004 and a lower court ruled in their favour in April this year.	这对夫妇在 2004 年提出了诉讼，今年 4 月，一个下级法院作出了有利于他们的裁决。	0
The court was told the owner of the shop returned to find the door lying open and the snake missing.	法院被告知商店的老板回来后发现门开着，蛇不见了。	1
The criteria differentiating Class A and Class B biosolids in relataion to heavy metals can be found in the 503 regulations on page seven.	将再入原体中的 A 类和 B 类生物固体与重金属区分开来的标准可在第 7 页的 503 条规定中找到。	1
The device for optical communication can be manufactured by first manufacturing the substrate for mounting an IC chip and the multilayered printed circuit board separately and, then, connecting them through solders or the like.	光学通信设备可以通过以下方法制造：首先制造用于安装 IC 芯片和多层印刷电路板的基板，然后通过焊接器或类似装置连接它们。	1
The easiest way to knock some one unconcious with you fists is to hit them in the side of the head.	用你的拳头敲打一个不敬的人，最简单的方法就是把它们打在头上。	1
The election of colonial representatives is only the first on many steps in this process.	选举殖民代表只是这一进程许多步骤中的第一个步骤。	0
The Euro is used in the Republic of Ireland.	欧元在爱尔兰共和国使用。	2
The evening proved a success thanks to behind the scene organisation by Mark and Mhairi and the presentation skills of Ian.	由于 Mark 和 Mhairi 的幕后组织以及 Ian 的演讲技巧，当晚的活动取得了成功。	1
The face begins with a round skull that is generally devoid of hair.	脸从一个圆形头骨开始，通常没有头发。	2
The False Claims Act was first passed soon after the Civil War.	《虚假索偿法》是内战后不久通过的。	0
The fault of this approach was nonetheless not useless.	然而，这种做法的错误并不是毫无用处的。	1
The final part is kind of the undercurrent in the film.	最后一部分是电影中的电流不足。	2
The girl asked Donna what she thought the doctor was planning to do, and Donna told her what her family physician had said about the cyst.	这名女孩问 Donna 她认为医生计划做什么， Donna 告诉她，她的家庭医生对囊肿说了些什么。	2
The glitz and glamour of those days may be long gone, but Acapulco never really lost its sizzle.	那些日子的浮华和魅力可能早就消失了，但阿卡普尔科从未真正失去它的巨大魅力。	0
The goal is to remove all of the geeky stuff and allow anybody to share a log type quickly and easily.	目标是删除所有的 geeky 内容，并允许任何人快速轻松地共享日志类型。	0
The gunmen sealed the attack with a grenade.	The gunmen sealed the attack with a grenade.	2
The hotel is situated on the Kelantan River and is within walking distance of the financial district.	酒店坐落在 Kelantan 河上，步行即可到达金融区。	0
The hotel room is similar to all hotel rooms all over the world, but two things strikes me as out of the ordinary.	酒店房间和世界各地的所有酒店房间都相似，但有两件事让我感到很特别。	0
The Huskies are led on offence by the tandem of Kim Tulloch and Jana Spindler, averaging north of 27 points per night between them.	胡斯基奇队由金图洛克和贾纳 · 斯宾德勒两人率领，平均每晚 27 分。	2
The important principle surely is the King or Queen should enjoy a great degree of financial independence from the government of the day.	重要的原则当然是国王或王后应享有与当今政府高度的财政独立。	1
The incorporation of Colleges with effect from April 1998 had worked well, although some weaknesses had been revealed.	从 1998 年 4 月起，成立学院的做法取得了良好的效果，尽管发现了一些弱点。	1
The intensification of surface gradient very rapid which gives rise to a much sharper pulse than locally leads to the corona discharge. the positive pulse.	表面梯度的强化非常迅速，产生比局部更清晰的脉冲，从而导致电晕放电。正脉冲。	1
The intention was to ensure that the signing of the Declaration would not simply be a 'paper exercise', but would express the genuine understanding and commitment of the municipal leadership.	其目的是确保《宣言》的签署不仅仅是一项 " 文件行动 " ，而是表达市政领导人的真正理解和承诺。	0
The intereaction between Alexis and Becekett is priceless!	亚历克西斯和贝克特之间的互动是无价的！	1
The intruder must have had access to the Opera House or someone working there, and they must have been either really clever or really dumb to pull off such a spotless crime.	入侵者必须能够进入歌剧院或在那里工作的人，他们必须是真的聪明的，或者真的是愚蠢的，以扑灭这种一尘不染的罪行。	2
The jacket is also not too bulky and makes you feel fit!	夹克也不会太笨重，让你感觉很合身！	0
The lawyers for the defense presented expert testimony by Professor Robert Hannum, Professor of Statistics at the University of Denver, that poker is a game of skill.	辩护律师提供了丹佛大学统计教授罗伯特 · 汉年因教授的专家证词，即扑克是一种技巧游戏。	0
The light and dark in the illustrations are striking.	插图中的明暗都令人震惊。	1
The light weight and compact size fits well into my backpack - leaving space and weight for more important things.	重量轻，尺寸紧凑，非常适合我的背包 - 为更重要的事情留出空间和重量。	0
The likelihood of an accident increases if the driver is under the influence of alcohol or drugs.	如果驾驶员受到酒精或药物的影响，发生事故的可能性就会增加。	0
The meaning of Valinor is greater nowadays than during the earlier Valinor.	如今， Valinor 的意义比以前的 Valinor 更重要。	1
The mechanics of denunciation and guilt by accusation are so well laid out that Maid of Salem should have been screened at the HUAC hearings ten years later.	谴责和指控犯罪的机制已经很好地阐明，十年后，萨利姆的米赛尔应该在胡安会听证会上进行筛查。	2
The models contain assumptions about the ultimate cost of the initial and ongoing capital works, repair and maintenance and energy costs.	这些模型包含关于初始和持续基本建设工程，维修和维护以及能源成本的最终成本的假设。	1
The most interesting and functional design is placing a study desk under the youth loft bunk bed, saving a lot of space and having some safety specifications.	最有趣，功能最强的设计是在青年阁楼双层床下放置一个书桌，节省了大量空间并具有一些安全规格。	1
The most rewarding part of my job is helping people when they are looking for help and I'm able to help them.	我工作中最有意义的部分是在人们寻求帮助时帮助他们，我能够帮助他们。	1
The Munger kids do some exercises in class - with some unexpected results!	慕尼黑的孩子们在课堂上做了一些练习——有一些意想不到的结果！	0
The Muslims had with them copies of the Quoran in Urdu.	The Muslims had with them copies of the Quoran in Urdu.	2
The nascent Israeli Defense Force repulsed the Arab nations from part of the occupied territories, thus extending its borders beyond the original UNSCOP partition.	新生的以色列国防军将阿拉伯国家从被占领土的一部分击退，从而将其边界扩大到原先的联黎部队分治区之外。	1
Then became a hero for the people ending the crime their.	然后成为那些结束犯罪的人的英雄。	2
Then come out result list which match with keyword we mention.	然后列出与我们提到的关键字匹配的结果列表。	0
The new code to unlock the hides is not yet operational.	解锁隐藏的新代码尚未运行。	0
The New Testament uses the language of power at one point to the outer aspect, at another to the inner aspect, and yet again to both together.	《新约》在一个点对外侧使用权力语言，在另一个点对内侧使用权力语言，但在两个点之间使用权力语言。	2
The next thing he knew he was being pushed up through the water.	他知道的下一件事是他被推上水面。	1
Then he seemed to be eating less readily, so we switched to the Wellness.	然后，他似乎吃得不太好，所以我们转而使用 Wellness 。	2
Then moved on to Goof Off since I had some and same thing.	然后，我又去了戈法，因为我有一些同样的东西。	1
The numbers give the number of methods used for each knowledge type.	数字表示每种知识类型使用的方法数量。	1
Then why is it that so many Christians burn out trying to accomplish what will come naturally, if they just spend time with Him.	那么，为什么这么多基督徒都在燃烧，试图完成自然的事情，如果他们只是和他在一起的话。	2
The offer that we have here is from Timberland.	我们在这里的报价来自 Timberland 。	1
The one who is supposedly poor and rugged, but so damn sexy.	这是一个很穷很坚固的人，但是太性感了。	2
The only thing that is tidy about me are my cupboards!!!	唯一让我感到整洁的是我的橱柜！！！	0
The only thing this guy has going for him is his gift of gab.	这个人唯一为他做的就是他的礼服。	2
The only users allowed are those that are granted special permission by the management.	仅允许由管理人员授予特殊权限的用户。	0
The opposite applies to dog photographers who need to include in picture what should be there rather than what can be seen.	这种情况正好相反，狗摄影师需要在照片中包括应该有的东西，而不是可以看到的东西。	2
Theories of truth are notoriously intricate, and yet to avoid considering the nature of truth altogether is impossible if we wish to know our meaning when we say that the Bible is true.	真理的理论是众所周知的错综复杂的，但如果我们想知道我们在说圣经是真的时的含义，就不可能完全避免考虑真理的性质。	1
The overexpression of specific phytochrome genes prevents recognition of shading and thus the plant remains short (Robson et al., 1996).	特定植物色素基因的过度表达阻碍了对阴影的识别，因此植物仍然很短（ Robson 等人， 1996 年）。	2
The papers were written originally either as articles for academic journals or as presentations at academic conferences.	这些论文最初是作为学术期刊的文章或作为学术会议的演讲撰写的。	0
The pelvic floor works like a sling that goes from the pubic bone in the front, to the base of the spine at the back.	盆腔地板的作用类似于从前部的阴骨到后部脊柱底部的吊衣。	2
The percentage of respondents who reported a disabling condition was 60% and the percentage who reported being enrolled in Veteran Affairs Services was 33%.	报告患有残疾的受访者的百分比为 60% ，报告参加退伍军人事务服务的受访者的百分比为 33% 。	0
The pervicacious Dane is still in his great house on Main Street.	这种不屈不挠的丹仍在他的主街上的大房子里。	2
The play is a true story of the first Chinese merchant who came to Boston in mid 19th century.	这部剧是 19 世纪中叶第一位来波士顿的中国商人的真实故事。	0
The plot has so many holes in it you could drive a London bus through it.	这片土地上有很多洞，你可以驾驶一辆伦敦巴士穿过它。	2
The Presbyterians finally arrived at an agreement with Parliament and delivered Charles to them in 1647.	长老们终于与议会达成协议，并于 1647 年将查尔斯交给他们。	0
The press release does not mention if he was wearing a seat belt or if wet road conditions contributed to the accident, saying the investigation is ongoing.	该新闻稿没有提及他是否佩戴了安全带或是否是造成事故的湿路条件，并表示调查仍在进行中。	2
The project manager shall maintain, in as up to date form as practicable, a register of members containing the names, occupations and addresses of all members.	项目经理应尽可能以最新的形式保存一份成员登记册，登记所有成员的姓名，职业和地址。	0
The pump is working great and much appreciated by our fish as our old pump had quit.	水泵运行良好，我们的鱼非常喜欢，因为我们的旧水泵已经退出。	2
The quote has gone on to be widely cited as a meme in popular culture, as well as in politics.	这句话还被广泛引用为大众文化和政治的一个纪念词。	2
The Rangefinder focussing was a turn off for me at first.	对我来说， Rangefinder 聚焦起初是一个转弯。	2
There are a lot of tips that you can access all over the internet which can help you make it easy in the process of singles online dating.	有很多小贴士你可以通过互联网访问 , 这可以帮助你在单打网上约会过程中容易 .	2
There are divergent opinions as to which word they begin and with which they conclude.	对于它们的开头和结尾，存在着不同的意见。	1
There are fish in the ocean full of mercury to keep the internet running on coal.	海洋中的鱼类充满了汞，以使互联网在煤炭上运行。	2
There are relatively few people who commit crimes against society.	对社会犯下罪行的人相对较少。	0
There are sites online that allow you to create your own Internet advertising, and there are other sites that will help you develop an online marketing campaign.	有一些在线网站允许您创建自己的互联网广告，还有其他网站可以帮助您开发在线营销活动。	0
There are so many wonderful places to explore and things to experience.	这里有许多精彩的地方值得探索和体验。	0
There are some great sites linked on my web page for students.	我的网页上有一些很棒的学生网站链接。	0
There are some people who are going to urinate in the street no matter where they are.	有些人无论身在何处，都要在街上小便。	1
There are two options for viewing this Shockwave version of Time Tales: Download Time Tales scene by scene.	有两个选项可用于查看此 Shockwave 版本的 Time Tales ： Download Time Tales Scene by Scene 。	0
There can be no assurance that all of the clinical trials pertaining to our vaccines in development will be completed within the time frames currently anticipated by us.	我们无法保证与我们正在研制的疫苗有关的所有临床试验都将在我们目前预期的时间内完成。	1
Therefore in dull and dark weather vitality runs low, and over all living creatures there comes an instinctive yearning for sunlight.	因此，在阴沉黑暗的天气中，活力很低，在所有生物中，都有一种对阳光的本能渴望。	2
There is also an extensive bibliography with some recent publications but many older titles.	还有一个广泛的文献目录，其中有一些最近的出版物，但有许多较旧的标题。	1
There is a proprietary battery that would be nice if it lasted a little longer.	有一个专有电池如果能持续更长时间就更好了。	1
There is even a legend related to the appearance of the personalized stockings we now use for Christmas.	甚至还有一个与我们现在用于圣诞节的个性化股票外观相关的传奇。	2
There is no getting away from the fact that everyone has to save more for their retirement.	每个人都必须为退休储蓄更多，这一事实是不可避免的。	1
There is no need to keep looking for catering companies Orlando because this company can provide you with all of your catering needs and more.	没有必要继续寻找餐饮公司奥兰多，因为这家公司可以为您提供所有餐饮需求，甚至更多。	0
There is no stopping a woman from taking long walks if they have the Rockport TWZ ...	如果一个女人有 Rockport TWZ 的话，就不能阻止她们走很长的路了。。。。。	2
The remaining part of the presupposition (that the lamp is in fact a chandelier) is now accommodated in the Van der Sandtian way by filling the gap with a fresh variable.	预置的其余部分（灯实际上是枝形吊灯）现在通过用新的变量填补缺口而被安置在范德山田路。	2
There might be a host of reasons for this, but the primary one has to do with structure.	这可能有很多原因，但主要原因与结构有关。	0
The researchers capitalised on a growing trend to use increasingly rapid and affordable DNA sequencing for tracking the transmission of pathogens.	研究人员利用了一种日益增长的趋势，利用日益快速和负担得起的 DNA 测序来跟踪病原体的传播。	1
The rest is for people who wonder how I took this forward myself.	其余的是那些不知道我如何把这一问题推向前进的人。	2
The rest of the morning was quiet for us with nothing seen.	上午的其余时间对我们来说是安静的，没有看到任何东西。	1
The rest of what happened between entering the doors, getting her number and going to the waiting room was a blur.	从进门到拿到她的号码再到去等候室，其余的事情都是一件很模糊的事。	2
The retailer plans to increase the number of wines on the site from 100 to 500 in the coming weeks.	该零售商计划在未来几周内将现场的葡萄酒数量从 100 种增加到 500 种。	0
There was a day, not so long ago; when we had the luxury of thinking we could allow the brothers and sisters of our enemy to walk unchecked along our streets and in our neighborhoods.	不久前，有一天，当我们有了一个奢侈的想法，我们可以允许敌人的兄弟姐妹不受限制地沿着我们的街道和我们的社区行走。	2
There was the sound of a window shutting and a few water droplets fell onto her cheek.	有一扇窗户关着的声音，几滴水滴落在她的脸颊上。	1
The rules should be followed in holy places.	在圣地应该遵守这些规则。	0
The Safety of students and staff is vital for every school.	学生和工作人员的安全对每所学校都至关重要。	0
The same approach that has made you successful over the past decade will not be enough to continue to grow your practice in the new economy.	在过去十年中，让您成功的相同方法不足以继续在新经济中发展您的实践。	1
The same goes to Advertlets, but I have cashed out on OCT 11.	阿德弗特列斯也是如此，但我已经在 10 月 11 日宣布退出。	1
The scheme has significant potential to save energy and ultimately, to reduce emissions in India.	该计划在节省能源和最终减少印度的排放方面具有巨大潜力。	0
These are things people miss when using services like Engineseeker. portable hardness tester Labortaory microscope Today there are so many ways to build your business online with the emergence of social media.	这些都是人们在使用 Engineseker 等服务时所错过的。便携式硬度检测仪实验室显微镜如今有很多方法可以通过社交媒体的出现在线建立您的业务。	0
These builders are comparable to those who construct the Urantia workshops and other industrial plants.	这些建设者与建造乌兰蒂亚工厂和其他工业工厂的建设者相似。	0
These centres also keep updated with research and development related to the disease.	这些中心还不断更新与该疾病有关的研究和发展。	0
The second she had left the room, Snape called on Albus and Poppy Pomprey to check if had any outstanding injuries.	她第二次离开房间，斯纳佩打电话给阿尔布斯和罂粟猎物，检查是否有任何突出的伤害。	2
The Secretary of Agriculture arrived here yesterday on a working visit.	农业部长昨天抵达这里进行了工作访问。	2
These evictions also violate the Chadian land laws of 1964.	这些驱逐行动还违反了 1964 年乍得土地法。	0
These low shop converse all stars chuck taylors lowest price on the converse chuck taylor all a vast selection of.	这些低价商店与所有明星卡盘店的价格最低，在与泰勒交谈的卡盘上，所有这些都有大量的选择。	2
These paintings are based on digital photographs and not only examine the insects, but their place in our lives and the nature of the digital image itself.	这些绘画是以数码照片为基础的，不仅考察昆虫，还考察它们在我们生活中的位置和数字图像本身的性质。	1
These schools sometimes use Chinese as a medium of instruction in subjects other than English language.	这些学校有时使用中文作为英语以外的学科的教学语言。	1
These should be able to own and actively run a business in Canada so as to contribute to its economy and create jobs.	他们应该能够在加拿大拥有并积极经营一家企业，从而为其经济做出贡献并创造就业机会。	0
These sites usually have unchecked downloads for person with a reward membership.	这些网站通常对具有奖励会员资格的人员进行未经检查的下载。	1
These terms and conditions and the rights and obligations hereunder shall be specifically designated by the Customer.	本条款和条件以及本条款下的权利和义务应由客户明确指定。	0
The SEZ has also received approval for authorized operations.	SEZ 还获得了授权操作的批准。	0
The shelter of the docks above makes this map a favorite with marksmen.	上面码头的避难所让这张地图成为了市场营销人员的最爱。	2
The skill of most good mechanics depends on the sure cooperative action of a practiced eye and a practiced hand.	最优秀的机械师的技能取决于一个实践的眼睛和一个实践的手的可靠合作行动。	1
The sky is the limit and there seems to be no end in sight.	天空是极限，似乎看不到终点。	0
The Society seeks the views of its members in a variety of ways, including customer feedback surveys and market research.	协会以各种方式征求其成员的意见，包括客户反馈调查和市场研究。	0
The State billing has not been received on the project as of yet.	该项目尚未收到国家帐单。	1
The state can rely on these virtues alone.	国家只能依靠这些美德。	2
The Sunshine State Standards are broad statements that describe what a child should know and be able to do at every grade level.	《阳光国家标准》是概括性的声明，描述了儿童在各个年级应该知道和能够做的事情。	0
The table will be issued today in a press release and will be posted on our respective websites.	该表格将在今天的新闻稿中发布，并将在我们各自的网站上发布。	0
The teams take to the ice and within seconds fights start all over the rink.	各队都在冰上打球，几秒钟内打架就会从冰上打起。	1
The thing I like most about Ree is her very relaxed way of writing, her sense of humor always comes shining through.	我最喜欢 Ree 的是她非常轻松的写作方式，她的幽默感总是闪耀着。	2
The third period game and about halfway through our hopes and dreams had been answered, the Mavs scored the tying goal.	第三场比赛以及我们的希望和梦想的一半都得到了回答，马夫斯取得了打捆的目标。	2
The transclusion feature allows quotation of fragments of any size with royalty to the original publisher.	转译功能允许将任何大小的带版权费的片段报价给原始发布者。	2
The trial court ruled the possession of marijuana charges were inadmissible, finding they carried a sentence of one year or less, and that their prejudicial effect would outweigh any probative value.	审判法院裁定，拥有大麻指控是不可接受的，认定这些指控的刑期为一年或一年以下，其不利影响将超过任何证明价值。	2
The tubular wrought iron columns, which measured nine and three quarters of an inch in diameter, resembled logs and led to the mistaken belief that the bridge was constructed of wood.	管状锻铁柱直径为 9 英寸，四分之三，与原木相似，并导致错误地认为该桥是用木材建造的。	2
The types of information to be verified will be agreed upon by the liaison agencies.	需要核实的信息类型将由联络机构商定。	0
The use of aircraft evolved from simply reconnaissance to a whole new formed of aerial warfare.	飞机的使用从简单的侦察演变为一种全新的空中战争。	0
The vehicle has a fault inserted into it by the instructor via a PC-this will challenge the student 's ability to diagnose and locate the root of a problem.	讲师通过 PC 将故障插入车辆中 - 这将挑战学生诊断和查找问题根源的能力。	2
The very first is a chronic constipation which makes internal hemorrhoids to grow.	第一种是慢性便秘，导致体内部痔疮生长。	0
The Vienna International Centre and the Messe Wien exhibition centre are just a short underground ride..	维也纳国际中心（ Vienna International Centre ）和维也纳展览中心（ Messe Wien Exhibition Centre ）距离酒店只有很短的地铁车程。	1
The wave has a positive potential energy (relative to the initial state) and the trough has a negative potential energy.	波具有正电势能量（相对于初始状态），波槽具有负电势。	1
The Witness Assistance Service has made a positive difference to the support the child and the family receive.	证人援助服务对儿童和家庭得到的支助产生了积极的影响。	1
They also work with contractors and installers and may recommend a trade professional that is best suited for your particular project.	他们还与承包商和安装人员合作，并可能推荐最适合您的特定项目的专业贸易人员。	0
They are heavy feeders and appreciate a weekly dose of liquid fertilizer.	它们是重饲料，每周都能得到一剂液体肥料。	2
They are what make bus service to the Basin and the new Utah Transit Authority connection with Salt Lake City possible, Callahan explained.	Callahan 解释说，这些因素使得前往盆地的巴士服务以及与盐湖城建立新的犹他过境管理局的联系成为可能。	0
They both turned back to Alvin and they noticed Brittany chuckling as Alvin kissed her some more.	他们都回到了阿尔文，他们注意到布列塔尼在阿尔文吻她的时候还在笑。	2
They do not necessarily have to be economics majors, but they must have a genuine interest in economics.	他们不一定是经济学主修，但他们必须真正关心经济学。	2
They give a good explanation of the cause of skin disorders.	它们很好的解释了导致皮肤疾病的原因。	1
They have access to multiple inventories of new and used vehicles, making the car of your dreams easier to find.	他们可以访问多个新车和二手车库存，使您梦想中的汽车更容易找到。	1
They have good products to offer so no need to throw white lies just to convince you.	他们有好的产品可以提供，所以没有必要仅仅为了说服你而抛出白谎言。	1
They head down the alley and Thomas hops out while she goes around the block a third time.	他们沿着小巷往下走，托马斯第三次绕着街区走了。	1
They just kept clapping and singing the school song after touchdowns, much to the consternation of nearby Cyclones on the hillside.	他们只是在击退后不停地拍和唱学校的歌曲，这对附近山坡上的克隆人来说是一种极大的惊愕。	2
They then need to hurry to find the source of the illegal dumping and the nature of the poison to save the friend.	然后他们需要迅速找到非法倾倒的来源和毒物的性质来拯救朋友。	1
They then proceeded to walk up to Marcel and stomp him as he lay there flat in his indentation in the ground.	他们随后走到 Marcel ，在他平坦地躺在地上的凹口里，向他口下气。	2
They used a coding system that takes into account a number of attributes of each ad.	他们使用的编码系统考虑了每个 AD 的许多属性。	1
They were posted to every district of the party.	他们被张贴到党的每个地区。	2
They will also learn how to enjoy a closer relationship with their own Master in heaven.	他们还将学习如何与自己的天国师父建立更紧密的关系。	1
They will designate an individual to lead the initiative on site and represent the university at the project level.	他们将指定一名个人在现场领导这一举措，并在项目一级代表大学。	2
They will want to ban smoking in your own yard.	他们会想禁止在自己的院子里吸烟。	1
This apparently suggests that necessary action has not yet been taken to correct this fault.	这显然表明，尚未采取必要行动纠正这一错误。	1
This approach will allow not only for assessing the economic usefulness of introducing nuclear plants into the Polish system, but also comparing various alternatives in order to pinpoint the most profitable solution.	这一方法不仅可以评估将核电厂引入波兰系统的经济效益，还可以比较各种替代品，以确定最有利可图的解决方案。	0
This argument suggests that managers can use their own actions to legitimate their property.	这一论点表明，管理人员可以利用自己的行动来合法他们的财产。	0
This ascent represents the accumulation of virtue along the way.	这一上升代表着美德的积累。	1
This can be helpful if you are not good at managing money, or do not like doing it.	如果您不善于管理资金或不喜欢这样做，这可能会有帮助。	0
This first installment, or it could be considered the second, if you look at the comment made the other day about the sad case of Abdul Rahman.	这是第一批，或者如果你看了第二天关于阿卜杜勒 · 拉赫曼悲惨事件的评论，那就可以被视为第二批。	1
This guy must have been in the army or something.	这个人一定是在军队里，或者在某种情况下。	2
This information may be used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.	此信息可用于联系用户，了解他们表示感兴趣的我们网站上的服务。	1
This instrument is a great choice for performing in outdoor concert situations....	这款乐器是在户外音乐会环境中表演的绝佳选择。。。	0
This is an attack on private citizens and it should be stopped.	这是对公民个人的攻击，应该予以制止。	0
This is exacerbated by the arduous nature of data collection and analysis that limits the quantity of practical activities that can be undertaken within a short time period.	由于数据收集和分析的艰巨性限制了短期内可开展的实际活动的数量，这种情况更加严重。	0
This is not quite the end of the story in terms of options.	就选择而言，这并不是故事的最后部分。	0
This is the only document that will be used to screen for minimum qualifications if a job reassignment is required.	如果需要重新分配工作，这是唯一用于筛选最低资格的文档。	1
This is the rotating disc to which the thumb is attached.	这是指拇指所附的旋转盘。	1
This means it DOES NOT have linear kinetics.	这意味着它没有线性动力学。	1
This method is used when the subsidiary is not independent of its parent company, because its operations are an integral part of another company.	当子公司不独立于其母公司时使用此方法，因为其运营是另一家公司的组成部分。	1
This morning we asked you what your favorite thing is about Fall and we got lots of calls and posts on Facebook.	今天早上，我们问您最喜欢的秋季是什么，我们在 Facebook 上收到了很多电话和帖子。	1
This option can be configured through the Telnet configuration menu.	此选项可通过 Telnet 配置菜单进行配置。	0
This plays by default with Direct To Stage switched off.	默认情况下，直接至阶段关闭时会播放此命令。	1
This program is scheduled to be unveiled before the Fall.	该计划计划将在秋季前公布。	0
This should indicate to management that perhaps another base would be more appropriate.	这应该向管理层表明，也许另一个基地更合适。	1
This study is also paralelled by molecular analyses of differentiation among conspecific populations of insects with distance.	这项研究还通过对具有距离的昆虫共异性人群的分化进行分子分析而得到了进一步的支持。	2
This successful visit to New Zealand and Australia filled up the gap of communication with Australia, and make foundation for future exchanging.	这次对新西兰和澳大利亚的成功访问填补了与澳大利亚的沟通空白，为今后的交流奠定了基础。	0
This year, interest rates have been rising during the season when most Tucson real estate buyers traditionally hit the market.	今年，大部分图森房地产买家传统上都进入市场，利率一直在上升。	2
Those thoughts fly out the door as she watches the doctor emerge from the kitchen, her delicate hands cradling the steaming mug as her hips sashay their way towards the tree.	当她看到医生从厨房出来时，这些想法就会飞出门外，她的手很微妙，在她的臀部朝树方向走的时候，把蒸制的杯子粘住了。	2
Those with severe hypertension and curable form of hypertension so cause directly viagra sales drug probably enable in Northwest Indiana.	那些患有严重高血压和可治愈的高血压直接导致病毒销售药物的人可能在印第安纳州西北部得以实现。	2
Though many people will still not wear these boots because of their appearance they would never get to know what the comfort it provides is.	虽然许多人仍然不会因为他们的外表而穿这些靴子，但他们永远不会知道它提供了什么舒适感。	2
Thoughts in Harmony reviews Bunch of Songfics on PJO.	Thoughts in Harmony 评论了 PJO 上的一群松子漫画。	2
Three students in the seventh grade have found themselves either suspended or expelled after posting inappropriate comments about their teacher on Facebook.	七年级的三名学生在脸书上对其教师发表了不适当的评论后发现自己被停职或开除。	1
Three women who allegedly were working as prostitutes when the warrants were served are in protective custody of the Department of Homeland Security and have been cooperating with investigators.	三名据称在执行逮捕令时充当妓女的妇女受到国土安全部的保护，并一直与调查人员合作。	1
Throughout the town little groups of people were to be seen, talking in undertones of the terrible tragedy.	在整个城镇里，人们看到了一些人，他们在谈论这场可怕的悲剧。	2
Thursday morning documentaries which take a fresh look at popular arts of every kind.	星期四上午的纪录片，让您重新了解各种流行艺术。	0
Thus the government made two attempts to implement reforms in the oil sector and three attempts to do so in the electricity sector.	因此，政府在石油部门进行了两次改革，在电力部门进行了三次改革。	0
Tim went over to the stairs where Ruby was sitting.	蒂姆走到了 Ruby 坐在的楼梯上。	1
To busy with pacifying these and other criminals.	忙于安抚这些罪犯和其他罪犯。	1
To create the bouquet much more romantic, mix in sophisticated white roses and sprays of purple Swarovski crystals.	为了打造更加浪漫的花束，请将精致的白玫瑰和紫色 Swarovski 水晶混合在一起。	0
To have something to do Massie decided to go play soccer.	想做点什么，马西决定去踢足球。	1
To know more about our car disposal services visit our website or call us on 0297922355.	如需了解更多有关我们的汽车处置服务的信息，请访问我们的网站或致电 0297922355 联系我们。	0
To lessen the risk from chargebacks, we Paypal within 15 days after end of month in which advertiser pays for an ad when your balance exceeds $75.	为了降低信用卡拒付的风险，我们在月底后 15 天内支付款项，在此期间，当您的余额超过 75 美元时，广告商会支付广告费用。	1
Tomoko smiled and made a plate for the sleeping boy upstairs before sending Kouichi upstairs to take it to his brother.	Tomoko 微笑着为楼上的睡男孩做了一个盘子，然后将 Kouichi 送到楼上把它带到他的兄弟那里。	1
To our surprise they were not and they did not have guns.	令我们惊讶的是，他们没有枪，也没有枪。	2
To punish men for refusing to act against their conscience the government must renounce all claim to good sense and benevolence.	为了惩罚那些拒绝违背良心行事的人，政府必须放弃一切善意和仁慈的主张。	2
To receive further details about this boat or to arrange a viewing, please do not hesitate to contact Ross Dixon at our Hamble office.	如需了解有关这艘船的更多详情或安排观光，请随时联系哈姆布尔办事处的 Ross Dixon 。	0
To some people the term drug rehabilitation means a time consuming factor.	对某些人来说，戒毒一词是一个耗时的因素。	1
To the contrary, one of the tasks of the Messiah is in fact to return the Jews to their ancestral homeland so your statement is incorrect.	相反，弥赛亚的任务之一是将犹太人送回他们的祖先家园，因此你的说法是不正确的。	1
Trade on the news – Most of the actually big trade market moves arise around news time.	贸易新闻 - 大部分实际的大型贸易市场动向都是在新闻时间左右发生的。	2
Training in the armed forces, the army and the navy is improving.	军队，军队和海军的训练正在改进。	2
Translations are faithful to the Hebrew text, yet poetic in their interpretations of Jewish tradition.	翻译忠于希伯莱文，但却对犹太人传统的解释充满诗意。	0
Travel huge distances in an instant through this amazing Stargate!	在这座令人惊叹的星座中，您可以瞬间完成远距离旅行！	2
Try and offer some of what they lack.	尝试提供他们缺乏的一些东西。	1
Try it and your hard times are over.	试试吧，你的艰难时刻就结束了。	0
Two minutes later, the burn from the Solid Rocket Boosters was completed and the boosters separated from the shuttle.	两分钟后，固体火箭助推器的燃烧完成，助推器与航天飞机分离。	1
Underweight women have a greater chance of having low birth weight babies and overweight women are more at risk of developing high blood pressure or diabetes.	体重不足的妇女生育体重不足的可能性更大，体重过重的妇女更有可能患上高血压或糖尿病。	1
Unexpectedly it took a bit longer to use them than I would have liked due to a few life got in the way situations.	出乎意料的是，由于一些生活在这种情况下，使用它们的时间比我想象的要长一些。	2
Use them right, and you will never want for those petty sums of money to pay your bills again.	正确使用它们，你永远不会想要这些小钱再付你的账单。	1
Utilize these guides with exiting and past employees to educate and provide assistance.	利用这些指南与离职员工和过去的员工一起进行教育并提供帮助。	1
Values and attitudes need to be discussed and revisited throughout the alcohol and drug component of mental health support worker training.	在精神健康支持工作者培训的酒精和药物组成部分，需要讨论和重新审视价值观和态度。	1
Various types of Events Different types of events can be entered using event settings to specifiy details.	各种类型的事件可以使用事件设置来指定详细信息来输入不同类型的事件。	1
VCD Used vinyl cutter is an easy but useful tool click .	VCD 用乙烯基切割器是一种简单实用的工具点击。	2
Vendors, restroom facilities and shuttle access are all provided within the spectator area.	售货商，洗手间和穿梭巴士均在售货区内提供。	1
Very jerky and the odd bang out of the exhaust.	非常颠簸，排气管发出奇怪的响声。	0
View Answer You will need to bring your swimsuit and a towel as you will be in the water on both days.	查看答案您需要带上泳衣和毛巾，因为您两日都在水中。	1
Visitors can also arrange to hike in a cloud forest at Pico Bonito National Park.	游客还可以在 Pico Bonito 国家公园（ Pico Bonito National Park ）的云雾森林中徒步。	1
Vonn recently left the circuit for nearly a month to recover from an intestinal illness.	Vonn 最近离开赛道近一个月，以从肠道疾病中恢复过来。	2
Water from the pipeline break entered only one business, and the water intrusion was minor and caused no significant damage.	输油管断裂造成的水只进入一个企业，水的侵入很小，没有造成重大损害。	1
Weak, corrupt governments and social unrest will always mean that the door is open for attack in any form.	软弱，腐败的政府和社会动荡将始终意味着任何形式的攻击都是敞开大门的。	1
We also provide a full range of professional Brand Development & Graphic Design services to complete our design offering.	我们还提供全面的专业品牌开发和图形设计服务，以完成我们的设计服务。	1
We anticipated the final movement of panna cotta and espresso.	我们预计 panna cotta 和 Espresso 的最终迁移。	2
We are delighted that a minister has been named to coordinate this effort.	我们感到高兴的是，任命了一位部长来协调这一努力。	1
We are located at the desirable south end of Jaco, which is a five minute cab ride to the center of town or a fifteen minute walk along the beach!	我们酒店位于理想的雅科南端，乘出租车 5 分钟即可到达市中心，或者沿着海滩步行 15 分钟即可到达！	0
We claim of Congress the same emoluments and remuneration which are pro mised to the officers of the line of the army.	我们向国会提出的薪酬与军队军官的薪酬相同。	0
We encourage employees to be proactive in utilizing the transfer process so that they may select shifts and work locations that meet their preferences.	我们鼓励员工积极利用调动流程，以便他们可以选择符合自己偏好的班次和工作地点。	0
We have a minimum chance of every last one of us getting there in one piece.	我们每一个最后一个都有机会在一个片段中到达那里。	2
We have dozens more choices and better heat rejection alternatives.	我们有数十种选择和更好的热抑制替代方案。	1
We have several choices about how we do this.	我们有多种方法可以选择如何做到这一点。	0
We hope to find a manufacturer whos cabinets are a good value.	我们希望找到一家具有良好价值的制造商。	1
We kept the widened doorways and even kept the bathroom that was handicapped accessible.	我们保留了加宽的门道，甚至保持了无障碍的浴室。	2
We know the Clemson family welcomes these challenges and the positive changes they will bring.	我们知道克莱姆森家族欢迎这些挑战及其将带来的积极变化。	1
Well if he is using too much service why dont you just cut him off instead of reading all his private information.	如果他使用过多的服务，为什么你不把他切断而不是阅读他的所有私人信息。	1
Well, some of the reasons I heard were kind of petty in my opinion.	我认为，我听到的一些原因是微不足道的。	1
Well the bottom line is an effective marketing program will provide calculated risk for your return on investment.	那么，最基本的是一个有效的营销计划，它将为您的投资回报提供计算的风险。	0
We may also be able to provide help to people who have difficulty taking their prescribed medication.	我们还可以帮助那些难以接受处方药物的人。	0
We recommend that the agency reevaluate the proposals with respect to past performance, giving appropriate consideration and weight to the performance data in its possession.	我们建议该机构重新评估有关过去业绩的建议，适当考虑和重视其所掌握的业绩数据。	0
Were it enforced as it is written, then the government would have to pay landowners when the government decides to make a USE of their property as a nature sanctuary for a species.	如果按照所写的那样强制执行，那么当政府决定将土地所有者的财产用作物种的自然保护区时，政府必须向土地所有者支付费用。	1
We signed a contract with Moose Creek Log Homes and they began building the two story structure the first week in April.	我们与 Moose Creek Log Homes 签订了一份合同，他们在 4 月的第一周开始建造两层建筑。	1
We want to help you with your custom requirements.	我们希望帮助您满足您的自定义要求。	0
We were able to build the stupa crematorium very quickly, and since it is the main disciple who should offer the fire puja, the ritual was performed by Lama Zopa Rinpoche.	我们很快就能建造佛塔火葬场，因为这是主要的信徒，应该提供火葬，所以仪式是由 Lama Zopa Rinpoche 表演的。	1
We will continue to look for ways to shout the good news of your growth and accomplishments to the world.	我们将继续寻找办法，向全世界宣传您的成长和成就的好消息。	1
What if a student decides to manage the risk of failure by cheating?	如果学生决定通过欺骗来管理失败的风险，该怎么办？	1
What is asbestos and where is it found?	什么是石棉？石棉在哪里？	1
What is a typical day in the life of an employee at Ficosa?	Ficosa 员工的日常生活中通常有哪一天？	2
What kind of information does a person give to authority about the person who is getting the restraining order?	某人向当局提供了哪些关于获得禁止令的人的信息？	1
What stops it from being entirely believable is the fact that it reveals itself too quickly.	阻止它完全可信的是，它太快地揭示了自己。	2
What type of jobs can you get upon graduation?	毕业后，您可以获得哪种类型的工作？	1
What types of government jobs require technical writing skills?	哪些类型的政府职位需要技术写作技能？	0
What was most terrifying to Meg was that although the water was only but a few feet deep, as hard as she tried, she could not see her own feet moving on the bank beneath her.	对 Meg 来说最可怕的是，虽然水只有几英尺深，但她尝试过的一样硬，她看不到自己的脚在她下面的河岸上移动。	1
What was President Johnson going to do with the Middle East after he took control?	约翰逊总统在控制中东后会怎么做？	0
What would you have to offer if I wanted to replace the stock springs with the same spring rate and load capacity?	如果我想用相同的弹簧速率和负载能力更换弹簧，您会提供什么？	2
When he gets a new OC next season he better let him bring some assistants with him.	当他在下个赛季获得新的 OC 时，他最好让他带一些助手。	2
When ideas about your story come to you.	当您对自己的故事有了想法时。	0
When it was time for my departure I kiss her one last time and made sure she felt all the feelings I felt for her.	当我离开的时候，我最后一次吻她，确保她能感受到我为她所感受到的所有感受。	2
When Justin wakes up in the morning, Brian is already sliding gingerly to the side of the bed.	当贾斯汀早上醒来时，布莱恩已经开始向床边滑动。	2
When scholarly articles are submitted in my field, the journal editor sends them to two reviewers.	当学术文章在我的领域提交时，期刊编辑会将它们发送给两位审阅者。	1
When she gets to that point she needs to call you in.	当她到达这一点时，她需要给你打电话。	2
When this is all over I'll have nothing to return too.	当一切都结束时，我也没有什么可以再回来的。	2
When your air conditioning system is not functioning, a HVAC contractor can help repair its parts to get it to work like new.	当您的空调系统无法正常工作时， HVAC 承包商可以帮助维修其零件，使其像新系统一样工作。	0
While it is interesting, it is too far from the intent of this thread for me to follow it here.	虽然这很有趣，但我不能在这里遵循这条线程的意图。	1
While the composition and manufacturing of glass is covered elsewhere its importance to the construction is its dimensional stability over a wide temperature range.	虽然玻璃的组成和制造在其他地方也有报道，但它对建筑的重要性在于它在广泛的温度范围内的尺寸稳定性。	0
While there were no apparent signs of forced entry, the caller was certain he had locked the vehicle earlier.	虽然没有明显的强迫进入迹象，但呼叫者确信他早些时候已锁好车辆。	0
While those fumes would have increased anyway with the growth of traffic along Breakfast Creek Road, it is a fact that the large diesel trucks are now much closer than previously.	虽然这些烟雾会随着早溪路（ Breakfast Creek Road ）的交通增长而增加，但事实是，大型柴油卡车现在比以前更接近。	2
Who could come and share this special night with her?	谁能来和她分享这个特别的夜晚？	1
Whoever had screamed had disappeared with the darkness.	那些尖叫的人都在黑暗中消失了。	0
William removed a handkerchief from his pocket wiping his scythe clean.	威廉把一个手绢从口袋里刮去了干净的污垢。	2
Will I see you Thurs at Swing Jonna?	我能在斯温 · 琼斯纳见到你吗？	2
Will it be a day of Second Pentecost, when every one will speak and sing simultaneously in tongues and prophesy?	难道这是第二个五旬节的日子，每个人都将以语言和预言同时说话和唱歌？	2
Will report back when we have the end product.	将在我们拥有最终产品时进行报告。	0
Will was outside a little ways from the house, practicing shots at varyingly ranged targets.	他在离房子不远的地方练习射击，在各种不同的目标上练习射击。	2
Wilson and his family went into a successful textile dyeing business.	威尔逊和他的家人成功地从事了纺织染色业务。	2
With his shirt off, he softly tossed it to the floor then began to move towards his pants.	他把衬衫轻轻地扔到地板上，然后开始向裤子移动。	2
Without commenting on the acquittals, they thanked Solomon Islanders for their courage in coming forward as witnesses and Australian police for their support since Dunning was killed.	他们不评论无罪释放的情况，但感谢所罗门群岛人民勇敢地作为证人前来作证，并感谢澳大利亚警察自邓宁被杀害以来给予的支持。	1
With so many possibilities, Gray said the homeowner is likely to get their money back out of a project like this.	格雷表示，由于存在如此多的可能性，房主很可能从这样的项目中收回资金。	1
With the AIM Program, EMCÂ² offers over half a million balancing frequencies that you can use to balance your energetic imbalance.	EMCÂ² AIM 计划， T Ü V 提供了超过 50 万个平衡频率，您可以使用这些频率来平衡精力不平衡。	2
With the new design, AYKsolutions has made aesthetic changes to its brand, and has improved the usability and flexibility of the site.	通过新设计， AYKsolutions 改变了品牌的审美，并提高了网站的可用性和灵活性。	0
Writing Articles Your site administrator has enabled you to write and submit articles for publication.	撰写文章您的网站管理员使您能够撰写和提交文章以供发布。	1
Wuhan is one of the places where this seems to be already taking place.	武汉是其中一个似乎已经发生这种情况的地方。	1
Yes, it was an incredible moment when God stepped down from His glory, taking on the flesh of man, being born in the same sequence as all men, yet he was without sin or blemish.	是的，这是一个令人难以置信的时刻，当神从他的荣耀中下来，接受人的肉体，以与所有的人相同的顺序出生，但他没有罪或污点。	1
You also need jury instructions for the jury without these citations.	您还需要陪审团的指示，而不需要这些引用。	2
You are driving at high speed on the highway and your brakes are not working!	您正在高速上高速行驶，并且您的制动器无法工作！	1
You can also download a PDF document of the Grant Guidelines on this page.	您也可以在本页上下载一份关于 " 授予准则 " 的 PDF 文档。	0
You can buy it from good delis, but here we make our own which is by far the best way to cook this dish.	你可以从美味的熟食店买，但在这里我们自己做，这是迄今为止烹饪这道菜的最佳方式。	1
You can openly talk about your plans in front of your other friends and not invite the person to go along.	您可以在其他朋友面前公开谈论您的计划，而不是邀请他人参与。	1
You can recite every tactic to get through every area, and know every little thing needed to get the job done.	您可以反复采用每一种策略来完成每个领域的工作，并了解完成工作所需的一切细节。	1
You can still economize on your grocery expenses by selecting items that are Buy One Get One Free, or mega sale items for the week.	您仍然可以通过选择一送一商品或一周内的大型销售商品来节省您的杂货费用。	1
You do not need to look so surprised, I have heard a lot about you, and not all of it has been bad.	你不需要如此惊讶，我听说过很多关于你的事情，并不是所有的事情都是坏的。	1
You get what you pay for and this Members bag although a little more expensive will pay for itself over and over again.	你得到的是你付出的，而这是会员的包包，虽然有点贵，但你会一遍又一遍地为自己付出。	2
You have to use your emotions to boost your dedication to creating and following a profitable trading plan.	您必须运用自己的情绪来激发您对制定和遵循盈利交易计划的投入。	1
You ideally want as little open space as possible so you have more grinding contact between the rods and the ore.	理想情况下，您需要尽可能少的开放空间，以便在钻杆和矿石之间有更多的研磨接触。	1
You may choose to take a course in a specific area, or pursue one of our diploma programs to upgrade your qualifications and gain practical experience in your field.	您可以选择参加特定领域的课程，或参加我们的一项文凭课程，以提高您的资格并获得您所在领域的实践经验。	1
You may wish to alter this approach to best fit your classroom situation.	您可能希望更改此方法以最适合您的课堂情况。	1
You miss her deeply, and just when you are ready to let go, someone spots her negotiating a world set against white ground.	你深深地想念她，就在你准备好让她走的时候，有人发现她正在谈判一个与白地相对抗的世界。	2
You must sign the agreement and the voucher and return them to the Bureau of Personnel.	您必须签署协议和凭单，并将其退还给人事局。	0
Your gift will help us accomplish these efforts.	您的礼物将帮助我们完成这些工作。	1
Your goal here is to slip past the engaging forces.	您的目标是越过啮合部队。	2
Your next item to consider is the length of hose you will need.	下一个要考虑的项目是您需要的软管长度。	0
Your remarkable journey at Kempinski Hotel Cathedral Square begins...	凯宾斯基大教堂广场酒店的非凡之旅开始了……	1
You should have refered the reader to a good consumer guide website at the very least.	您至少应该已经向读者推荐了一个好的消费者指南网站。	1
You should see no change in your voltage reading if everything is good.	如果一切正常，您应该看到电压读数没有变化。	0
You will be given a few items when you sign up for Zetapets.	注册 Zetapets 时，系统会为您提供一些项目。	0
You will be the first impression our guests have when coming to Burke Williams .	您将是我们的客人来伯克 · 威廉姆斯的第一印象。	1
You will have the opportunity to meet the DJ prior to your event, and go over every minute detail essential to its success.	您将有机会在活动开始前与 DJ 会面，并详细介绍活动成功所需的每一分钟细节。	1
